So there are three core concepts behind MCP that I need to explain to you about.
First of all is what's known as the MCP host.
The MCP host is the overall application in which you're going to be equipping an agent with tools.
And so the host could be something like Clawed Desktop, the piece of software that runs on your computer
that that manages Claude, the LM and lets you chat with Claude.
It could be our agent architecture, a piece of software that we've written using perhaps the OpenAI
agents SDK that's going to run agents and tools so that that overall application piece of software running
this agent framework that is known as the host, the MCP host and MCP client is a small piece of software.
Think of it like a plugin that runs inside that host, within the host.
And each MCP client is going to connect 1 to 1 with something I'm about to explain called an MCP server.
So if you're running cloud desktop, for example, and you're using a bunch of different MCP servers,
then you're going to have a little client, an MCP client running for each of those.
So MCP client lives in the host.
It connects to the server.
The server runs outside the host.
So what is this server?
The server is the actual piece of code that provides tools and context and prompts these extra capabilities
to your agent.
And as I say, tools is the one to really focus on.
That's the one that's got the most excitement.
But it can also, in addition to equipping an agent with tools, it can also provide extra context for
looking up information, and it can provide prompt templates as well.
That is something that would happen by the MCP server running outside the host.
Now let me make that concrete by telling you about a particular MCP server called fetch.
So fetch then it's an MCP server that is able to search the internet and fetch a web page.
The way it actually does it is kind of cool.
It runs a browser.
It launches a browser, headless browser, like a headless Chrome, as they call it, so that you don't
you don't actually see the browser, and it uses playwright from Microsoft to drive that browser, to
collect the page and to read its contents and return it.
So that is a tool, and it's wrapped in an MCC server, and you can run that MCP server, and then you
can configure Claude Desktop, the Claude desktop application, so that within it it runs an MCP client
that connects to that MCP server.
So that Claude, if you're chatting with Claude, it's suddenly able to read web pages live.
And that's what's happening behind the scenes.
And in this case that I'm describing, that MCP server is also running on your computer.
You're talking to Claude Desktop.
It's able behind the scenes to connect to that MCP server, to run a headless browser, to collect a
web page, and then to answer questions based on it.
And in fact, we did that.
We used the fetch MCP server already in Autogen last week.
Hopefully you didn't skip last week because it was fun.
And we used this very MCP server via Autogen and that's what it was doing.
And perhaps we'll help clarify this to show you a diagram, an architecture diagram of how this fits
together.
Imagine this box is representing your computer your machine.
And within your machine you have a host running.
So that host it could be Claud desktop app.
It could be software that we have written as part of this course that's using open AI agents SDK.
And we have a couple of MCP servers running on your box.
Maybe one of them is is something that can connect to the local file system.
Maybe one of them is something that can can ask for the weather.
And within that host you would have a couple of MCP clients, one MCP client for each of the MCP servers
running on your computer.
You can also have a remote server.
This is an alternative architecture.
This is the second way of doing it.
And you can have an MCP server running on that remote server, and you can connect to that remote server
using an MCP client.
But it's important to mention that this is in fact quite rare.
This is not the way it's normally done.
You hear the word like MCP server and you think, okay, that sounds like something that's like a remote
server.
And so you imagine it's like the diagram I've just shown you, but it's actually very rare to do it
that way.
Almost always in most of the examples that we'll look at, the MCP servers are things that run on your
computer.
They're running outside the host and you're connecting to it, but it's still running on your machine.
Now you will have retrieved that from somewhere public.
So it's been shared by somebody else, but it's been retrieved and installed on your computer.
So like when we use the fetch MCP server, it was running on our machine.
We were collecting it from actually Anthropic's repository.
But we were then running the fetch MCP server on our machine outside the host, and we had a host which
was autogen.
In this case, we'd written some code that acted as the client, and it was connecting to that server
running on our computer.
So using remote MCP servers is possible.
It's a thing, but it's not common.
And sometimes these are called hosted MCP servers.
Sometimes they're called managed MCP servers, but they're not that common.
And so that's a super important misconception and confusion that I really wanted to clarify the fact
that in most cases, MCP servers are things that you install from some remote repo, but it's running
on your box.
Okay, but it's worth pointing out that there is another configuration here and that looks like this.
The MCP server that you're running on your box, it might be doing something that just involves locally
processing on your computer, like it might be writing a file to your file system, but also there are
many MCP servers that take advantage of functionality over the internet.
The fetch MCP SMTP server that we just mentioned.
Of course, that actually runs a web browser and looks over the internet.
You can also get MCP servers that check the weather.
And of course they're doing that by calling some web servers.
So it's very common to have an MCP server that is connecting online and calling some remote service.
In fact, that is by far the most common of the configurations.
But it's important in your mind to distinguish between that what I've just shown you, and a case where
your MCP client is calling a remote MCP server hosted on another machine, which is, as I say, less
common.
So one more time, if I haven't stressed this enough, MCP servers mostly run on your box.
You typically download them and you run them locally.
And if you're wondering why I'm telling you this 100 times, it's because it really is.
People do get very confused about this because the terminology is muddling, but that's that's the way
it works.
In fact, as I'll show you when we start looking at MCP marketplaces, there are thousands of MCP servers
and they all run in a box and there's not so many.
It's quite hard to find ones.
It's quite hard to discover ones that are ones that you could connect to remotely.
Now there are two different technical mechanisms for how MCP servers can work two different transport
mechanisms, as they're called in the official anthropic spec so far.
The first of them, which is by far the most common, is called studio spelt like that, which stands
for standard input output.
I think some people call it studio, but I call it studio.
And this is the simplest approach.
And if you're using this approach, then basically your MCP client spawns a process, a separate process
on your computer, and it communicates with that process over just standard input and output.
And that's what it's called studio.
And that process is this is the most common way of doing it.
And and we'll we'll be exploring this a lot.
And when we build our own MCP server we'll be using this technique.
The other technique is called SSE and SSE which stands for Server Side events, uses an Https connection
and it streams back results much the way that you see stuff streaming back from LMS when when you see
the information flowing back that also uses SW technology.
And if you're going to use one of these remote MCP servers, a hosted or managed MCP server, as in
the picture on the top right there, then you need to use SW.
You can't use Stdio for connecting remotely like that.
It has to be SW.
If you're using local MCP servers, the common case, then it can be either a Cdio studio or SW either
way, and it's most common to be Stdio.
Okay, so take a good look at this.
Make sure that it's getting clear in your mind.
You know the difference in a host and MCP client and server.
The three different arrangements SW versus studio.
And now with that it's time for our lab.
Let's go and make use of MCP servers in the fabulous OpenAI agents SDK.