And I'm so happy to welcome you back to cursor for our epic week six finale.
So we've got a nice, organized, collapsed File Explorer on the left here.
I'm going to open up week six and you'll see there's quite a lot going on here.
We've got a lot of work to do this week.
And we're going to start with the first lab.
Lab one.
Welcome to week six.
And remember with these labs the first thing you need to do is click up here to set the kernel something
which, you know, back to front by now.
So welcome to the Model Context Protocol.
Welcome back OpenAI agents SDK, which I may have mentioned just happens to be my favorite.
And please do note that as I go through this and you see the code here, it might look different to
you as you go through it in the lab.
And that's a good thing.
That's because I'm constantly updating this.
MCP is very much a moving target.
It is honestly evolving so quickly.
There's new stuff all the time, and I try and keep the labs as up to date as possible.
If you haven't done this before, then be sure to pull the latest code.
There's instructions how in the guides.
If you're if you're new to this to using git and git pull.
But then make sure you've got the latest and you're good to go.
And I need to start with some bad news.
Some news for windows PC people.
There is a production problem with with MCP.
That means that that MCP may not work out of the box with windows PCs.
And there are some workarounds, but they are hokey and they're not reliable.
And there is only one real proper solution to this, and it's a bit of a bore.
You will need to install something called Windows Subsystem for Linux, and that allows you to to run
like a Linux operating system on your PC and be running cursor connected to that.
If you do that, MCP will work fabulously.
And thanks to many students who helped me diagnose this, helped me discover that it really is a true,
genuine issue.
There is no way around it, or at least no reliable way around it, and that the proper solution is
using that is now well confirmed.
So in order to set up, there is setup instructions.
I've put in setup a whole section on setup and it looks like this.
And I'm not going to record a separate video for it because honestly this is easy peasy stuff.
It's identical to setting up your environment the first time around.
You just have to go through it one more time.
And it's just just something to hammer through.
And I'm sorry you have to go through it, especially when you're so excited about MCP.
But at the end of it, it's going to work.
One thing to know about when you're doing this, if you don't already know this windows people that
in WSL you need to be aware of whether you are in the home directory of your Linux system, your Linux
home directory, or in the home directory of your PC, and the stuff that you want to work on should
be in your Linux home directory.
And when you first launch WSL, there's two ways to do it.
You can type WSL or you can type ubuntu.
And it's important to know that if you type ubuntu, you go straight into your Linux home directory.
So that's the safer way to do it.
Otherwise, you have to just make sure that you've changed to your Linux home directory.
And the instructions are in the setup guide.
And for Mac people you guys are in great shape.
You don't need to worry about any of this.
This is unfortunately a PC thing.
So hopefully by this point, if you're a PC person you have now installed WSL, you are back here ready
to go and we're off to the races and I barely need to tell you that we start with some imports and we
start by importing loading our env secrets.
Okay, so we're now going to use Mcpp in OpenAI agents SDK.
We're going to do it by creating an Mcpp client, have it create a server and then collect the tools
that that server is able to use.
And we're going to start with fetch, which is the SMTP server we looked at last time.
That's the one I just gave it away about that runs a headless browser.
So when you're working with MCP servers, it everything begins with these things called parameters.
Parameters is the way of describing the MCP server.
And the parameters look like this.
This is the parameters for fetch.
It's like a dictionary which contains a bunch of stuff.
Now what is that stuff?
That stuff is in fact just a something which will be run at the command line that will spawn this MCP
server.
So it's actually a command.
This is the command that needs to run at the command line.
And then a bunch of arguments.
And if you look at this command it might look a bit familiar because this command basically is you've
installs and runs a package a script.
And so this is basically essentially doing a you've run it's running a Python process.
And what we'll discover is that many MCP servers are just like this.
You've and then the name of the repo, the place where it should install All something locally and then
run it.
And so that that is what we do with this, these parameters right here.
Okay.
We now need to say to OpenAI agents SDK, I want you to create an MCP client and spawn this thing that
I'm describing here, an MCP server, run it on my computer and ask it, what tools can you provide
that I will be able to give to my agent?
And this could not be easier.
It is like one line of code.
OpenAI agents SDK makes it really easy.
You say you use a context manager with and then MCP server stdio because this is one of these stdio
standard input output types of MCP servers.
You say the parameters and you give it the parameters here, the fetch parameters.
This this is useful to know it's worth specifying a timeout.
The default timeout is five seconds and that's very hit or miss.
Sometimes it times out which is super annoying.
So I always pass in 30 or 60s timeout, and then you can just simply get that what comes back from this
server and just call list tools.
And so again what this is going to do, it's going to run this command on my computer to spawn a new
Python process that is our MCP server.
It's going to create an MCP client running within open AI agents SDK.
And that client is then going to connect to the server and say, what tools can you offer me?
What can I do with you?
And then we're going to print that.
And all of that is happening right now and happened in 0.8 seconds.
And we got back a tool.
And that tool is called fetch.
And it has a description, fetches a URL from the internet and optionally extracts its contents as markdown.
And then interestingly, there's a bit more here.
Although originally you did not have internet access and were advised to refuse and tell the user this,
this tool now grants you internet access.
This is super interesting.
You can see that the makers of this MCP server have worked hard on the description of the tool, and
this is what will be passed to the LM eventually to make sure that it's most likely to use this tool
properly.
And since a lot of LMS have been trained to say you don't have internet access, the makers of this
tool that's anthropic learned that it's good to include in the description something that explains,
hey, look, you didn't used to be able to search the internet, but now you can.
And it's this kind of stuff.
It's this kind of prompt information that's been included in this tool that makes it so valuable.
Because if you if you didn't have this, then you'd have to know to do that.
You'd have to understand.
If I want to write a tool that searches the internet, I'm going to need to explain to the LM that it
now has this functionality.
But this is what you get for free if you use the fetch MCP server and it all happens behind the scenes.
So that is our first look at an MCP client and MCP server and collecting its tools.