Okay, so now we're moving on to another MCP server before we come back and actually put this one to
use.
So this one was the first one we looked at was an example of a Python based MCP server that we executed
by calling up and passing in the name of something that is on PyPI that you could pip install that is
able to run.
Now, what we're going to do now is use a JavaScript based MCP server.
And whilst Python based ones you typically run using JavaScript, ones you run using server side JavaScript,
which uses something called node that I imagine most of you are probably very familiar with, but you
may not be if you're not and you don't have node installed in your system, then please follow this
link to follow Chatgpt's instructions.
It is super simple and installing node is like what?
So many people have that and by the way, you do need to have a recent version of node.
So following this, if you're a node person already, you've got an older version, then use MVVM and
make sure that you're on a recent new version of node, and make sure you can type like MPX minus minus
version, and that you get a good recent version.
So we're now going to to use this to have a node based MCP server.
So this time when we specify the parameters the command we're going to run is not UVC but it's MPX.
We're using npm, the node package manager.
And this isn't getting Pip installed in the same way as before.
This is now using npm.
This is coming as a as an official node package.
And we're using a playwright, Microsoft's playwright, which is the browser automation software.
And this is a particularly popular MCP server that runs with node using playwright.
Now you might say to yourself, hang on a second, but isn't isn't the fetch MCP server that we just
did?
Didn't you mention that also uses playwright behind the scenes?
And it's true, it does.
But there's a benefit to using this MCP server, which will become very clear to you in just a second.
All right.
So once we've specified the parameters, we then have exactly the same code construct.
We take MCP server Stdio our context manager.
We pass in the parameters.
Again remember this timeout is important to have.
And then we call server tools again to find the tools that comes from this.
And when I run this it's going to call MDX which is going to then install that package and then call
the tools on it.
And wowza, this is what we get back.
So this is the difference from fetch.
Fetch.
We just got one tool.
This is actually giving you much more granular control over the playwright process.
This is a ton of tools to do things like close the browser, resize the browser, see the console messages,
upload a file, press a key, navigate back and forward, take a screenshot which is super interesting.
Drag click hover select.
So this is giving fine grained control over the browser window to our agent, where fetch was a much
simpler MVP server just to collect one web page.
So this is pretty exciting.
This is opening the ability for us to write agents that can power a browser window, much as our sidekick
did in week four.
And now, one of the great things about MCP servers is that it's so easy to equip your agent with a
whole slew of these.
You can just find ones that interest you and just add it in, which is why we're going to go on and
do another one.
It's going to be another JavaScript based one, another node based one.
And so you can see, first of all I'm just going to I just use this just to quickly, uh, get the name
of a directory, I'm going to get the name of a directory called sandbox inside this directory right
over there.
And if that doesn't already exist for you in your file system, you might need to create that sandbox
folder right there, that directory.
So I'm going to get that, that path.
And then again I'm just going to create one of these parameters.
The command is mpc's again to run node.
And I'm passing in again the name of something that's that's an npm.
That is the it's another anthropic example reference MCP server.
And it's called server file system.
And it kind of does what you're probably expecting.
But we'll make it list its tools again.
So now this is again running that node program the server.
It created a client.
It spawned the server.
It connected to it.
It asked for tools.
And this is what it got back.
It's able to basically read and write from your local file system.
It can read a file, read multiple files, create a directory, list directory, and so on, but always
within the sandbox path that we specified.
So this is allowing you to equip an agent with tools so that it can read and write from your file system,
but keeping it isolated to within a certain directory.