Okay, so you're probably thinking, all right, I get it.
We can create something that spawns a server and that tells us a bunch of tools, but that doesn't sound
much fun.
We want it to actually do stuff, and that's what we'll get to right now.
So we are now going to make just a quick example of an agent that will use these tools.
So here we go.
Here are some instructions for our agent.
You browse the internet to accomplish your instructions.
You're highly capable of browsing the internet independently to accomplish your task, including accepting
cookies.
Clicking not now.
If at one website it's a fruitful try another.
Be persistent until you've solved your assignment.
So that's a nice set of instructions to prep our server.
So we now again use this same context manager as before, the one we used to collect the names of tools
we pass in the parameters we want.
And again remember that timeout.
And we'll do it for both of our files.
MCP server, the one that can write to the disk, and the playwright, one that can control a browser
in a fine grained way.
And we will create an agent and it is called investigator.
We give it those instructions, we'll give it that model.
We might as well.
Let's change this to be the latest and greatest GPT for one mini.
And then look, this is it.
You then pass in a collection of MCP servers.
You might remember in the past that you passed in.
You could pass in tools directly in here.
Well, rather than tools you can pass in MCP servers.
And OpenAI agents SDK will query these for understanding their tools and provide those capabilities
to this investigator agent.
And that is as complicated as it gets.
That's how we equip our agents to be able to use these tools.
And now, if you remember, do you remember the OpenAI agents SDK once you've created the agent?
That was step one.
Step two is you set up a trace so that we can track this in the UI.
And then we call runner.
And what is the assignment that I'm going to give our agent I'm going to say find a great recipe for
banoffee pie.
Then summarize it in Markdown to banoffee.
And you may be wondering what on earth does banoffee pie?
And I think it's a tragedy that you're wondering that banoffee pie.
Us, us, us Brits, we're not well known for our cooking.
Let's face it, we're not necessarily the purveyors of the great delicacies of the world, but banoffee
pie is something that I think we invented, and it's really amazing.
And I think it's a great shame that more people don't know about it.
And so that's why I'm doing you this service, by having this be the thing that we are going to have
an agent go off and investigate on our behalf.
And so with that, let's give this a whirl.
Okay.
We will run this and off it goes.
And a few seconds go by thinks about this request for us.
It's spawning these MCP servers and a browser window has just popped up on my computer.
Move it!
There we go.
So it appears to have gone to BBC Good Food.
So it obviously does know that this is something British and something is happening behind the scenes.
It's thinking about this.
You can see from the title of this page that it has indeed located a banoffee pie recipe.
So this is the result of the MCP server running.
It is driving playwright.
We don't know everything that's doing behind the scenes, but sometimes you get to see it actually like
clicking around and navigating.
But I suspect, yes, we will find that it has indeed found a recipe for banoffee pie.
And from just a quick look at this, I tell you that I'm hopeless at cooking.
I can cook nothing.
I can hardly cook a boiled egg, but I can cook banoffee pie.
I know I can cook, I know how to make banoffee pie.
And from a first glance at this, I think that this probably is a legit version of banoffee pie.
But most importantly, we need to look in our sandbox and open the preview of this file and confirm
that, sure enough, it has used the other MCP server.
So not only has it used one MCP server to navigate the internet and locate a recipe for banoffee pie,
but it's also used the other MCP server to then write that to disk.
And here it is on my computer.
So I would say that is mission accomplished.
We have used our first two MCP servers, and you probably remember from week two what comes next.
We want to go and look in open IE at our trace so we can see what happened behind the scenes.
So go in the usual link up comes traces.
Go in to investigate and see what happened, and we'll see that.
Of course, it listed the MCP tools associated with each of its MCP servers, and it then used the browser
navigate tool to be able to navigate the web page.
Yours may look different.
You may have more action there, and it then used the file tools.
For some reason it did a read file, but then it did the right file to write out the banoffee pie recipe
in there, and that shows the interactions between the tools.
You should look at it, check it's behaving as you expect.
Check it's using the right tools in the right way.
So the aha moment when you realise what makes MCP so exciting is when you first see an MCP marketplace.
That's what we're going to do right now.
The marketplaces are websites where you can see all the MCP servers that are out there available for
you to equip your agent with, and MCP is a very popular one, a very common one.
Let's go in here.
This is launching the marketplace.
We see a bunch of different MCP servers in their featured list, including the playwright MCP server
that we just used.
And if we go into this, we can look at it.
We can see that it has the parameters that we use to integrate with it.
There you can have a look at the tools that you can call.
If you use it.
You can see it was created by Microsoft, by the way, which gives you a sense that it's probably legit.
And look through all of the information about the tools that it can run.
And if you press the explore tab in the main navigation, then you get to see the sort of search and
filter.
Over here you can see the different MCP servers in the different categories.
And this is where you should get like a wow feeling.
There's 4000 in the research and data category.
68 Browser automation knowledge and memory.
Equipping your LLM to be able your agent to be able to remember things in different ways, 34 of them,
19 different calendar managers and then lots of monitoring visualization.
I think somewhere here is developer.
That's the really the really big category that has tons and tons of MCP servers, but developer tools.
Here we go, 7344.
So and I imagine there's some overlap between these categories.
But but it gives you a sense that there's so much to pick from.
There's there's so much that you can explore here for equipping your agents.
And now let's go and look at a couple of other marketplaces.
So the next link I have here is to glamour, which is another popular server marketplace.
And you come in here and click on the every MCP server link.
And you get to see the ones on glamour.
And they also have ratings for security, the how permissive the licensing is and the quality.
And you can read about how they how they come up with this.
And that's helpful for, for assessing the security of these.
And again you see the volumes involved.
There's a lot of these out there.
Now security brings up a great point.
And there's obviously there's there's a lot of concern in the community about the security of MCP servers.
Because when you run an MCP server, it is running on your computer, running on your box.
There is a whole thing about authentication of MCP servers.
And again, that's talking more about when you're connecting to a remote MCP server, a hosted or managed
MCP server running somewhere else.
And then there's ways that you can authenticate with that server.
But in this case, and typically most of the time you're running an MCP server, you're running somebody
else's code on your computer.
And so at first blush, you might say, okay, that's a real concern.
And it is.
But it's important to keep something in mind.
Ultimately running these MCP servers, it's like doing a pip install or an npm install.
You are installing open source code on your computer, and that is as dangerous as just doing a pip
install of someone else's code.
That's what you're doing.
The open source community.
Of course, it is something where you are signing up for some information risk that you need to manage,
and that means that you need to do your due diligence on the tools that you use, just as you would
any package that you pip installed from PyPI.
It's exactly the same thing.
If it's, of course, a package that's published by Microsoft or Anthropic, then you're probably in
good shape.
If it's not, then you want to do the usual kind of investigation.
You want to check that there's lots of git stars in the GitHub repo, that there's an active community,
and that it has good feedback, and that you are satisfied with the kind of security reviews that have
happened for that MCP tool.
And and so MCP servers are only as safe as any code that you directly download and run on your computer,
and you need to be very cognizant of that.
Of course, there are some MCP servers that you can configure to run inside a Docker container, and
that does give you some extra security controls there.
But but ultimately, you should always be doing your security review by doing your own research of the
the publisher of this server and of the information about it, and looking into the code and the repo
to satisfy yourself that this is something you want to run.
One of the reasons that people are concerned about MCP service security is that people who aren't technologists.
People who are just end users have the ability to add MCP servers to things like cloud desktop.
And that's more worrying because they don't have the same kinds of skills that you and I have.
They don't know how to go and track something down in GitHub, make sure it's got a community.
Make sure that they have a good feeling about the publisher.
So when it comes to to to you and me, we've got this knowledge.
We know how to vet packages.
Open source packages that we install.
And so we can do that kind of due diligence.
The concern is more where end users are just adding these to Claude and they don't necessarily have
those skills.
And so that's an important distinction to to make.
But in addition to that, if you're looking at something like glamour, then you can look at the ratings
that they give it for security.
And you can read about the kinds of tests that they carry out.
That means that they're comfortable giving it the A grade, and you can decide that you're only as a
starting point.
You're only going to take MCP servers that get three sets of A's on the glamour marketplace.