So there are several of these marketplaces.
One other I wanted to show you is called Smithery and it is very popular.
Lots of people do use Smithery, and you'll notice that you probably see already many familiar NCP servers.
Most popular NCP servers are installed in all of the marketplaces, but Smithery also allows you to
come in.
There's playwright again from Microsoft.
Come into here.
Read about the MSP server itself.
You can see the way that you could run it directly from the command line with NPM.
And you can see by logging in, if I if I were to log in, I'll be able to get the parameters right
there.
And you can see things like the tools that it offers as well.
Similar to the other marketplaces, Smithery is quite popular.
And then I also wanted to point you at a couple of blog posts that I think are really great.
This is this is one that's been posted on Huggingface that has a bunch of libraries that you can look
at or marketplaces, really, and it starts with them.
So that we already saw and smithery that we just saw as well.
And then there are some more.
There are so many to look at.
Awesome MCP servers and cursor has a directory.
If you want to integrate MCP servers directly into cursor to arm your cursor agent so that it's equipped
with this kind of functionality and many, many more.
The official MCP open source project that's hosted by anthropic has a bunch of the reference servers,
including fetch, one that we looked at, which some of the most robust that you can.
You can start with and Klein for sure.
So this is a good resource to look at with some great marketplaces.
And then I found this article on hugging face as really nicely put, very accurate and thoughtful about
again, what is it that's so great about MCP, but also a reality check of of what it's not, and making
sure that people are clear on distinguishing the hype from reality, what it is that's genuinely exciting
about it.
So very much worth taking a look at these articles, looking through the marketplaces and getting your
own sense of what's going on in the MCP landscape.
And so I know we covered a lot of material today.
Hopefully it's all settling in.
MCP hosts, clients, servers.
The fact that MCP servers can be written in Python and launch with UV or in JavaScript through Mpcs,
and they can also run in other ways as well.
But those are the main two.
The fact that there is studio and ZK is the two transport mechanisms for MCP servers.
And most importantly, the fact that the reason MCP servers are so exciting is that it makes it so easy
and frictionless to be hooking up your agent to many tools that have been written by people all over
the world, and there are thousands of them to pick from.
That's the so what?
And in fact, next time we're actually going to make our own MCP server and client so that we could
contribute to this.
I will see you then.