And welcome to day two of week six as we get more into MCP.
And this is the time that we build our own MCP client and MCP server.
Remember today we're making our own.
We're not making a USBA of agent Guy.
We're making USB-C of Agentic I.
And another reminder of these core concepts that probably now you're getting this.
The host is the overall application like cloud desktop or our agent architecture.
The client lives inside the host and has a one on one connection, like over input output to an MCP
server, which is a separate process running outside and providing the tools, the contexts, and the
prompts to your MCP clients to your host.
And most of the time we're talking about tools, although briefly we'll use contexts as well in our
journey.
And there's the example of fetch that we'd used before.
And a reminder of the architecture again.
On the bottom left is the idea that you could have an MCP server that connects to an MCP server running
on your computer, and it does everything locally, like the file writer that we had in when we wrote
Banoffee Pie.
The second one along is an MCP client that connects to MCP server running on your box that then calls
out to some sort of remote internet service.
And I guess the playwright and fetch are both examples of that.
And then less common, that third one, sometimes known as an A hosted MCP server or a managed MCP server,
is when you have an MCP client that connects remotely to the MCP server running on another machine.
And that would need to be using the SSE transport mechanism, whereas one's running locally could be
either Stdio or SSE, and they're usually stdio.
And maybe it's also worth mentioning on this diagram that these MCP servers can be written in Python
or JavaScript, in which case they're typically the parameters that describe them.
Have you've as the command to run or MPW.
They can actually also just be creating a Docker container.
There's various other ways, but UX and MPW are by far the most common.
So with that we're going to go and create our own MCP server.
But just before we do, I want to quickly take a moment to ask, why do we want to make an SMTP server?
What's the advantage of doing it?
Well, the number one advantage is you make an SMTP server if you want to share it.
You've built something which you want other people to be able to use with their agents, because you're
going to be describing it in a way.
You're going to be working on the prompts and the information around your tool, and people will be
able to integrate it with their agents.
So simply, that's the number one reason.
And also if it has resources which a bit like a rag context and then prompt templates too, although
that's not not used so often.
Also, I suppose there is a small benefit if we're building an agent system and we're using a bunch
of MCP servers, it might be nice for us to treat our own tools consistently so that everything is packaged
as MCP servers.
This is a bit tenuous, but it's one reason we're going to do it this way, because we only want to
use MCP servers, and it's also useful if you're doing it just so you can understand the plumbing,
just so you can really build the nuts and bolts and do it yourself.
Now, you probably realize the reason I'm belaboring this point is because I want to say, why don't
you want to make an MCP SMTP server.
What are the reasons against.
And there's one really important one.
And it's this if you're only building a tool for you to use yourself, if we're writing a function and
we want to equip our LLM with that function, then there's no point in building an NCP server that's
wasting time.
You can simply decorate that tool with app function tool and then equip your LLM just by just by putting
it in tools, you can just immediately provide it through the OpenAI agents SDK or using the JSON approach
from week one.
And then that function will be called in in your current Python process, it will just be called as
a tool.
And that's easy.
Building an NCP server, which means that it gets spawned and runs as a separate process and communicates
over standard input output, and is provided as an NCP server.
That's a whole lot of extra plumbing and and scaffolding that's not needed if it's just to call your
own tool.
So it's important to have that that clarity that NCP doesn't help with building your own tools.
That's already easy and you should just do it.
MCP is about sharing tools.
That's the benefit.