And we're right back in cursor again, of course.
And we're going into the week six folder and we're going to lab two to create our own MCP server and
client, which as I put here, it's it's pretty simple, but it's not super simple.
The reason people are excited about MCP is that it's so simple to use other tools, not necessarily
to create MCP servers.
The first thing we're going to do, though, is we're going to look at a Python module.
And I know that that many people would much rather spend more time with Python modules than in labs.
And this week we'll be doing both.
We'll be starting in labs.
We will be moving to just Python code in modules.
And there is a Python module called accounts, and it contains a ton of code for managing your account,
where you can buy and sell shares, and where you have a balance, and where you can do things like
calculate profit and loss, list transactions, and where you can do things like buy shares and sell
shares based on a market price.
Looks like some interesting business logic and hopefully you remember it seems familiar to you because
this is, of course, code generated by our agent team in week three, our engineering team in Crewe.
I created this code right here, and you can tell because it's got sort of like comments and type hints.
And you probably know that I'm a bit hacky with this stuff, and that I only write comments and type
hints when I'm when I'm forced.
But here the our agent crew did a wonderful job.
Um, so it's cool that we are taking the code here that is being used by our agents.
Now, I've made a slight change to it that I've updated it so that it does save accounts in a database,
and I've separated that out into a separate module called database.
And this is just simply using SQLite.
So this is very vanilla.
But it allows you to read and write accounts as JSON objects.
And that I've hooked up to accounts.py.
But apart from making tiny changes like that, it is basically untouched code written by our engineering
team of agents in week three.
All right, so back to our lab, uh, for, for, uh, today, uh, I see it says here week two, day
two.
I think we'll change that right away.
That seems better.
Okay, so let's get started.
We'll do some imports.
We are now going to import this Python module account okay.
So now I can call account dot get.
And if I pass in a name it gets the account with that id here I am.
This is my account.
Apparently I have a balance of $9,400.
I have three Amazon shares and I have some transactions.
This is the coming back from the code written by our agents and I can call buy shares.
I can buy three more shares of Amazon.
And I have to give a reason.
And we'll just rewind the clocks a bit and imagine this is a few years back and I'll say, I'm going
to buy three shares of Amazon because this bookstore website looks promising.
So there we go.
Uh, yeah.
If only I'd had that foresight.
Uh, okay.
So I bought three, and now I have six shares of Amazon in there.
And I can call account Report to get a report about it.
Uh, and all sorts of information, um, about it.
And I can also call account list transactions to see those transactions right there.
So this is just showing that we've got some code.
It was written by our agents.
And we can operate it to do things like buying shares and listing transactions.
Now it's MCP server time.
So writing an MCP server is pretty easy.
It's just boilerplate code that you use to wrap code you've already got into an MCP server and you use
some libraries provided by anthropic.
And let's have a look.
I've created one, a Python module called Accountsservice.
Let's see what happens.
So it begins by importing an anthropic class called fast MCP.
And we also import our business logic account.
And we then create an MCP server by saying fast MCP account server that is creating a new fast MCP server
with that name.
What we then have is a number of functions listed here which are decorated with at MCP tool.
And for each of them we have a function like Getbalance.
We describe that function.
We give information about it here using standard docstrings.
And then we actually do that function.
And in our case we're just delegating to our business logic.
But the idea is that this server will be spawned when we launch the MCP server.
This will be launched, and these tools will all be tools that will be available.
And they will work simply by calling the business logic that we've imported right here.
So we have Getbalance, get holdings, buy shares, sell shares, change strategy if we want to change
the strategy associated with the portfolio.
And then I've also got some resources here.
As I say, resources are not as common as tools, but I do want to show you how they work.
And here we have the ability to access a resource, the name of an account will just return its report,
and the strategy of an account will return its strategy.
And it gets like a sort of a fake URL, a URI like this, where you can describe what resource you want
to provide.
If something requests this resource, and then down at the very bottom, we have the final piece here,
which is that when this script, this Python script is run, what it should actually do is call the
run function on MCP and say that my transport mechanism is the usual stdio.
And by because we've done that, when this Python script is run, it will launch that MCP server, it
will import our business logic, and it will be ready to handle any of these tools.
And as you can see, there's not much to this at all.
It's not super simple, but it's not hard at all to write your own MCP server that wraps your business
logic and launches a server like that, and now we just have to try and put it to use.