And welcome to week six, day three, and I've been looking forward to today for a long time, because
this is the day when we go crazy exploring what MCP has to offer first.
As usual, a quick recap of the core concepts behind MCP.
Looking at the architecture diagram that we've got here, we're going to be looking at the three different
configurations of MCP servers.
First of all, and the simplest of all is when you use an MCP server that's simply is created, runs
on your local computer, only, uses stuff on your computer, and is something that you're using right
there, just like the accounts MCP server that we just used, which was actually one that we hand wrote
ourselves, and also one like the local file system.
Okay.
And then secondly, and this is perhaps the most common of all, we're going to look at MCP servers
that are run locally on your computer, but make remote calls to APIs that take advantage of stuff that
can be available online.
And that's number two on this diagram.
And that is of course super common.
And then thirdly, and we're not going to do this too much.
We're just going to have a look at what it means to have a managed MCP server or a hosted MCP server,
which is running remotely, as I say, not a common architecture, but we'll just look at it and see
some examples and understand it.
And it's worth pointing out that even numbers one and two, while it's possible to write your own most
of the time when we're talking about MCP, these are MCP servers that have been made available online,
and that through commands like like you are downloading it from an online public place and you are then
running it locally on your box.
So it's running on your box, but it's still something that's been shared online, made available for
everyone to use.
All right, that's enough.
Intro.
Let's go to the lab.
Here we are back in cursor and we're going into the week six.
Of course.
Which other week would we want to be in and into the third lab, and we're going to be experimenting
with a bunch more MCP servers.
And yes, it's warning me I can actually take this out because we're not going to be using an MCP server.
SS uh, okay.
So the first type of MCP server that I mentioned is one that you run locally and everything it does
is local.
Again, remembering we have downloaded it from, from a public repo from somewhere public.
But we're going to run it.
The server will be applied locally and we're going to pick another JavaScript one, a node one.
And I want to pick this one, which is great.
It is a way to give our agent memory and to give it knowledge.
Graph based memory, a special kind of memory that understands about entities and observations about
those entities and relationships between those entities.
It's worth memory is a is a hot topic, and people often ask me questions about memory, and they think
of memory like it's kind of one construct, perhaps because Lang Chain thinks of it that way, but like
there is one memory.
But in this MCP age, we think of memory just as being another set of tools that we can equip our LM
with.
And in fact, it could have many different types of tools relating to memory.
This in particular is giving it the ability to store information about things, observations and relationships.
We could give it this and we could give it other kinds of context.
All of this ends up just being information that it can request by tools, or that becomes available
in its prompts.
And so they're just different techniques to give the LM more context.
Anyway, so these are the parameters.
Remember you always start by specifying the parameters of your MCP server.
And in this case it's mpc's because we're running a node version.
And it's uh, we're going to be running this version called lib SQL, which is a version, a memory
that stores to a SQLite database.
I've actually I've given a link here to to one that this is closely based off, which is one that,
uh, gives you access to a JSON file.
Um, but doesn't actually store it to SQL.
And I found that this is a little bit less stable.
This is a better version of it that that I prefer.
It also allows you to specify a directory and a name for your memory.
And this allows you to have different memory stores for different agents.
So I find that quite handy.
So I'm saying that looking looking somewhere called memory and look for database called Ed.
And I believe it might already exist.
It does.
So why don't we just delete this so that it doesn't have any memory to start with?
We'll move that to trash starting from nothing.
So if you have Ed in in a folder there, then delete it.
If you don't have a folder then then create one called memory.
All right.
So first of all let's just find out what tools do we have uh associated with this.
We have tools create entities search nodes read graph create Relations, delete entity and delete relation.
So we're allowing it to build this kind of connectivity between the things it wants to remember.
All right let's see this in action.
Okay.
So now we have instructions.
You use your entity tools as persistent memory to store and recall information about your conversations.
My name is Edgar.
I'm an LLM engineer.
I'm teaching a course about agents, including the incredible MCP protocol.
And I say something about MCP and I give it a model and let's see how this gets on.
So as before, this is hopefully a pattern that you're quite familiar with.
We use this context manager with MCP Server Studio, which we know is going to create the MCP client.
We pass in the parameters.
We give this timeout of 30s.
And then as usual, we create our agent with instructions with the model and now with the MCP server.
And now we call runner run with the agent and our request.
And let's see what happens.
Armed with these tools is it able to take this piece of information about me and do something with it?
So it says, nice to meet you, editor.
It's great to know you're teaching a course about AI agents and amqp protocol, blah blah blah, blah
blah.
And if you look over on the left, it has created a file editor.
So now for the follow up question.
We're coming back.
We're creating an agent.
We're giving it instructions.
We're giving it the same asking for the same model, and we're giving it the same MCP server with access
to the memory.
And we're saying, my name is Ed.
What do you know about me?
And we'll see what this MCP server is able to do.
I know that you're ed an LM engineer.
You're teaching a course about AI agents, and in this course, you're teaching about the MCP protocol.
So there you go.
It's a quick, simple example, but it shows you how we were so easily able to equip our agent with
a memory that's able to handle relationships between things.
And so this is just a great starting example, and we'll be using this memory in the future as well.
And it could be handy for any of your projects too.
And of course, it's always a good idea to check the trace, which we should do.
Come on in and conversation with our agent is right here and you will see that it it called the search
nodes.
It looked it did a query for Ed and it got back here JSON structure that reflects the entity type,
the observations and and so on.
And so you can look through this and get a sense for how the memory works.
And you can use this to try and build up some more sophisticated memory about the different, uh, parts
of your conversation that you want your agent to remember.
Okay.
Now we're going to go on to another MCP tool, and this time it's going to be the second type, which
is the type that runs locally but uses the internet, which we've already done with, with, with fetch
and with playwright.
But but let's do another and and a handy one.