So there's been many times in the last few weeks that we have used tools that do internet searches.
You probably remember the hosted tool with OpenAI that we used right back in week two, which was quite
expensive.
Was it two and a half cents for every single web search?
And we've used, I think, Tavileh and we've used, uh, Serpa.
Well, we're going to do another one.
So sorry to make you set up another key, but this one's a really great one.
It's called Brave Search, and it's a company that specializes in an API driven search, including for
use with AI.
And it's free again, at least I think you get 2000 free searches a month.
Uh, so it's very generous.
And I have set it up.
I've actually got a paid account because I've been using it a lot, but, uh, you very much can stay
on the free version.
I've got a link here for where you go to set up your account.
If I go up here, uh, it brings up the brave search.
You sign up, you go through and get an API key super easily without needing any credit card or anything
like that.
So once you've done that, you come back, you take your brave API key and you put it in your EMV file
as usual, and then you'll have to rerun load MV up at the top.
Okay.
So then what we do is we collect our brave API key.
And this time you'll notice that when we specify the params for our MCP server, we're passing in these
environment variables, these settings as well.
So that's a new twist for this one so that we can tell brave about our API key.
And it's another node another JavaScript MCP server.
So we run it this way.
And in fact this is one of Anthropic's out of the box reference implementations.
So this is part of Anthropic's offerings, the brave search.
And so again even though we're running online searches, the MCP server is going to be running on my
box.
So the code for this is is remote is online.
We are downloading that code and running it locally using npm.
So it starts online, we bring it locally, we run it locally.
And then of course, what that code actually does is it makes a call to a web service offered by the
company brave, and it passes in our key to that service.
So that's why this is architecture two MCP server running locally calling out to the cloud.
And I'm probably belaboring this.
You're probably like, yeah I get it I get it enough.
Okay.
So MCP server studio again is how we do this.
We pass in the parameters.
Let's just see what tools we get with this.
Um, we get a brave web search tool which performs a web search with the API.
Um, and then a local search searches for local businesses.
I think I only get that because I'm paying the paid plan.
I don't think that comes with the free plan, actually.
Um, so again, the key difference with something like fetch is that with fetch, we're running a browser
locally and we're just going to a web address.
We're brave.
We're making a web call to brave, to ask it to run like a Google search.
But it's not using Google.
It's using its own search engine and return the results of that query.
Um, and so, uh, we're going to ask a question.
You're able to search the web for information, research the latest news on the Amazon stock price and
give it the current date.
And then we run the server right here.
Okay.
Here we go.
Running that you'll see.
As usual we're passing in the MCP server.
We've got the timeout set and we're calling run and run and back.
We get of course, the results of running this web search with the current price of Amazon apparently
217 and more information about it.
And as always, we should go in and check out the trace.
Let's have a look here and make sure that we're happy.
Yep, it's calling a brave web search.
The query was Amazon Stock Price News May 2025.
And it got back these results.
And so it seems to be working nicely end to end.
That is another.
That is an example of type two of the calling out to the web.
And so now to talk about the type three of the MCP servers, the ones where the server itself, the
MCP server, is running remotely.
And you must connect to it using the SSC approach.
And now here's the thing.
As I say, it's not that common.
And it's also quite flaky because there's no guarantees that the people that you're connecting with
are going to keep their server running.
I used to have an example in here of an MCP server that I found, a hosted MCP server that you could
connect to remotely, but it went down and now you can't connect to it.
And that's why I had to take out that code at the top.
So it's no longer running.
So that example didn't work.
And so I tried to look for some other examples.
And the other examples that I found are all for paid business services where you are already paying
for something, and it tends to be from sort of professional business plans.
So let me show you that, that the anthropic docs have a section on remote MCP servers.
That's what we're talking about here.
And it says several companies have deployed remote servers that developers can connect to.
Um, and so here are some examples of them.
And you'll see why I'm not able to demo one of these because I'd have to be a paying client.
So asana, if you are a client of asana, asana like project management tool, then you could interact
with asana workspace by by using this remote, uh, MCP server at MCP.
Uh, and then similarly for these others like intercom, like, uh, PayPal, if you use not not just
PayPal for your personal, uh, PayPal, I have one of them, but I don't have commerce capabilities.
I don't I'm not I'm not a seller.
Um, and and the others at Square and Waikato and Zapier.
I was going to try and set something up to show it, but you have to have a paid account.
So it's it's it's honestly not common to be seeing this.
It's only in these cases of, like, paid, uh, enterprise accounts where you don't want to run the
MCP server yourself.
You want to connect to it running on the cloud.
And as I say, I really I haven't seen much traction with this in the community.
It's not like this is something that you come across often.
Um, and for many of these, uh, for many of those commercial examples, you can run an MCP server
locally as well, which is what people typically do.
Cloudflare, which was actually on that list, has some tools for you to create and run your own remote
servers.
If you're a Cloudflare Cloudflare customer and you use Cloudflare for your own website, your own deployments,
uh, they have some really interesting sheets here which allow you to deploy, uh, a remote server
that other people could connect to, and they actually make it really quite easy.
They walk you through the code here and how you can check in their, uh, screens that it's running.
And then they give you, of course, the way that you would then connect to it from, say, your desktop
or indeed from your OpenAI agents SDK.
Um, and this is then where you can add authentication, which is one of the hot new areas of MCP.
If you are going to provide a hosted tool, then you would want to have a way that people can authenticate
with it so that they can demonstrate that they are who they say they are.
Um, but as I say one more time, then I'll shut up because you're fed up of me saying this.
But but it's not a common way of doing things.
And indeed, uh, if you're if you're running something like the brave search that we just did, it
would be more common for you to set up an API key with something like brave and then pass in that API
key when you call your local MCP server.
That's the more common configuration.
And of course, this might change any day that maybe, maybe managed hosted MCP servers will take off
big time.
And and I'll be eating my words.
But but as of right now, uh, it's not terribly common, but you certainly could follow the Cloudflare
instructions and set up your own should you wish.
So that wraps up the third type.
And we're now going to go back to the second type for a really cool example.