So the main project for this week is to set up a trading floor, have autonomous agents that can buy
and sell equities, and they're not going to really buy and sell equities.
They're going to be using the simulated account management that we already built, but they will be
using real market data.
And there's a bunch of different MCP servers that can help provide you with market data.
And after playing with a bunch of them, my favorite one is the one provided by the company, polygon.
That's a very well known professional provider of financial markets.
Uh, and uh, yeah, I'll bring you to their website.
Here they are.
It's, uh, they're super well known and, uh, they one of the big benefits that they have is that
they have both a free plan and a paid plan.
So I recommend you stick with the free plan.
But if you're a sucker for this stuff like I am, then for sure you can.
You can spend a little.
It's somewhere between 20 and 30 bucks a month, uh, to get more accurate market data.
So with the free plan, you always get data as of the previous day's business, close stock prices as
of yesterday's close with the paid plan that I'm on, you get them on a 15 minute delay, but unlimited
API use.
And if you want to pay a lot more, you can get real time market data, but there's no need for that
unless you're already a trader.
So this is polygon.
Uh, please come in and sign up.
And once you're signed, signed in, select the keys button.
In the left hand navigation.
You press a blue new key button.
And then you take that key and you put it in your EMV file as polygon API key.
And uh, the, uh, here we go.
Just run this.
And the fact that it didn't say polygon API key is not set means that it was set.
Um, and then you can, for example, directly use the polygon client.
And they've got great docs on their websites and it's very easy to use.
So this previous close, uh, AG for Apple's stock price, for example, will tell me that the previous
close for Apple was $195.27.
And that is how you simply use polygon code directly.
Okay, so I have written a little Python module called market.py that wraps some of these calls to polygon.
And I've done something a little bit sneaky.
So the polygon API if you're on the free plan is what they call rate limited, which means you're only
allowed to make that API call.
I think it's five times a minute.
It's quite, quite mean.
Uh, and uh, so you would only be able to call for a share price that five times, but it turns out
that that it also only counts it as one call.
If you make a call and ask for all the share prices in the market, a snapshot of every share price.
And so I've done something that if you ask for a share price like Apple and you're on the free plan,
it will call for all share prices.
It will use that one call and then it will cache that in memory and the subsequent times you call this,
it will just return from the cache.
Let me show you that for a second.
If we look in Market Pi, you'll see here that there's this get share price.
Um, I checked you got a polygon key and then I call this get share price polygon.
And I see if you're on the paid plan or not if you're on the free plan, I call this function.
If you're following me and this function is basically going to end up getting the full market for the
prior business day, and it will cache that.
So if this has been called before with the same date, it will just return the same full market.
So it's just a nice way of making sure that we can always get that share price, and we won't hit the
rate limits.
Let me show you that if we get the share price for Apple, it's 195.
And now I can put that in a tight loop and get it 1000 times, and we simply get 195.
And I assure you that if this weren't being plucked from the cache, then we would have problems with
that.
We would hit the rate limit immediately.
So that's just something to to understand.
Just something that I've put in there.
Okay.
And I've also made this into an MCP server as well.
Another little local MCP server called market underscore server.
So if you look at market server you will see that this is again a very simple MCP server.
It just the same as before.
You remember, you create the MCP and then you use the MCP tool decorator.
And then here is the function lookup share price.
And that just calls get share price.
And this is the way that you actually launch the server.
So it's really nice to see such an such a simple MCP server here that created that means that we can
now call that as uh, we can first of all, look at the tools that it gives us.
And this should exactly give us the lookup share price.
And now we can ask an agent to tell us the share price of Apple.
So we'll say you answer questions about the stock market.
What's the share price of Apple.
Let's upgrade this to be the latest model.
And then just as before we use the context manager we pass in that MCP server.
This stuff is is simple to you.
Now you're an expert at this.
We call our MCP server.
And sure enough it all worked great.
It called the MCP tool and it told us the share price of Apple.