It feels like just a second ago that we were starting this thing, and somehow we're already on week
six, day four.
We are heading into the final, final section with the capstone project, and let's make sure that we
end this thing in style.
This is going to be a great project.
Welcome.
Welcome to the Capstone project.
Welcome to Autonomous Trading.
We are going to build agents that can make their own decisions about analyzing financial markets, and
that can make trades in a synthetic account that we have created ourselves in week three with our other
team of agents.
Okay, so autonomous traders, then let me tell you a few things about the project that I have in store
for you.
So first of all, it's something that is commercial.
One of the things that I've noticed about a lot of the modern Agentic AI projects is that they're quite
technical in nature, because they're so open to possibilities that one tends to build things like teams
of coders and stuff like that.
I really wanted our capstone project to be something that showed how you could apply it to a true commercial
problem, like analyzing and understanding financial markets.
And that's why I've gone in that direction.
It's going to involve having five different MCP servers with tools and resources, and we will count
them up.
And there's going to be a lot of them.
Look forward to it.
There's going to be interactions between agents.
And there's also going to be autonomy in this.
We're going to allow our agents to choose their own adventure.
They're going to be given the freedom to make various decisions themselves.
And then most importantly, something that I may say once or twice, please don't use this for actual
trading decisions.
Uh, this is something which, uh, yes.
I don't don't want to, uh, get in trouble if you go and put your all of your life savings into this.
This is, of course, an experimental project and nothing more than that.
Having said that, of course, if you make a massive fortune on this and you're off sailing your yacht,
then I do expect an invitation.
Uh, but no, do not, do not, do not use it.
Do not get your yacht this way.
Get your yacht by building autonomous agentic solutions for people.
Not by having your traders run amok with financial markets.
Anyway, with that introduction, we're going to spend most of our time sleeves rolled up in code.
And let's get started now.
Okay, here we go.
Back in cursor.
We're going into the folder for six.
And we're going into lab for our Autonomous Traders project and Equity Trading Simulation to illustrate
autonomous agents powered by tools and resources from MCP servers.
Okay.
So we are going to create a simulation.
We are going to have four different traders eventually.
And one researcher actually each trader will have their own researcher powered by a bunch of MCP servers.
We're going to have our homemade accounts MCP server that you remember that we did in the second day.
We will use fetch that we used in the first day we'll use memory.
We'll use the SQL based relationship memory that we looked at.
We'll use the brave search and we'll use the financial data courtesy of polygon AI.
So what we're going to go through now is, is build this in the lab.
And then we're going to look at the code, the module traders Pi.
That will take the same thing pulled together.
And it shows you a practice which I like to do, which is to work initially in the lab while you experiment.
And it ties to a point that I know I make a million times that I'll make again at the end, which is
how important it is to approach agent projects with a data scientists hat on.
First and foremost, be looking to experiment and understand what you're doing.
Uh, not just jumping straight into engineering and building building.
It's important to start by investigating and understanding what you're doing.
One other thing that's important to do is not use this for trading decisions.
If I haven't already mentioned that, uh, so one more warning for that.
Okay.
Let's get going.
Let's do our imports and set our EMV.
And let's look at the polygon situation.
Do we have an API key.
And have you said whether or not we are in a paid plan?
We are in paid plan.
For me, you may be false there and we're not using the real time polygon.
Okay.
What we're going to be doing in the next few cells is, is collecting together the different MCP server
parameters for all of the MCP servers that we're going to equip our model with.
So first of all, I've got a little decision here.
If we're using any of the paid polygon plans then we are going to directly use polygons MCP server with
its whole set of different tools.
If not, we're just going to use that tiny MCP server that I handcrafted in market server.
And that's because if you're using the free plan, we don't want to overwhelm the model with lots of
different tools.
And there's another reason for it too, which is that here I'm using that trick of caching the previous
day's data so that we don't exceed our rate limits with polygon on the free plan.
So that's why we've got the little decision there.
And then we're also going to include in our parameters the accounts server.
So this is our homegrown.
MCP server to read and write from accounts.
And then there's a new one push server.
I wonder what that could possibly be.
Let's just run this.
And then we're going to take a quick look at push server.
It's another homegrown MCP server.
What could it possibly be doing.
Let's have a look.
Here it is.
Push server.
Push server of course is going to send a push notification.
You know how I like the push notifications because it makes it feel so autonomous when it's like messaging
you suddenly.
And so we're going to have it pushing.
We're going to arm it with an MCP tool.
Um, and this is an example of a case where we're writing this MCP server and we're not delegating on
to some business logic, we're just putting all the logic right here in this single Python module.
It's an MCP server.
It has a single tool.
It's called push.
And it takes a little pedantic object that we've set up here to say that it is a brief message to push,
and that is the message that we give.
So this is a clear example of how you can write a little tool and expose it as an MCP server.
Now, as I said before, really there's absolutely nothing stopping you from just having this as a tool.
In fact, that would be the better way of doing it.
There's no point in having an MCP server like this when we're just using the tool ourselves locally,
but we want to get into the practice of making MCP servers, so why not?
Okay, so with that, we have now also included our push notification as well as the accounts and the
market data as our trader MCP servers.
So that's set up the MCP servers that our trader will use.
But we'll have another agent called the researcher that's able to do market research.
And we also want to arm that agent with tools as well.
And for that one we will use the brave key and we'll give it fetch as well.
We'll give it the ability to fetch web pages.
Um, and so both of these two together are going to be some, the tools that we will equip our model
with.
All right.
And now it's going to be time to put these to use.