Wait, did you spot that intentional little hiccup there?
I was it was just after I stopped recording.
I was thinking, and I'm like, hang on a second, hang on a second.
We saw that that, uh, in the traces that it bought Tesla stock and it didn't report that it bought
Tesla stock.
And we didn't see that in our holdings at the end.
So let's go back and see what happened there.
So I went back into the trace and I took a look and I scrolled down load more.
Uh, and uh uh, sure enough, if we get down to the bottom here, you will see that there were indeed
these two buying shares.
First of all, it bought 50 Disney shares.
And then as I remember it, bought 30 Tesla shares.
What's going on?
Well, then I scrolled down and saw that it got an error back from this error executing tool.
Insufficient funds to buy shares.
And what's kind of brilliant about this is that that error message is an error message that was written
by our crew agents in week three.
We asked it one of our business requirements is that it should put something in there that prevents
the person from buying more shares than they can afford.
And so that error message.
Insufficient funds to buy shares was written by those crew agents.
That's what's been surfaced back here.
And that is why those shares weren't bought.
And that's why it didn't include that on its summary.
And indeed why why, although it does mention that it should be monitored in the next steps.
And that's why, of course, it isn't in the holdings at the bottom.
So there's a great explanation.
And it's everything is working perfectly.
So we're now going to go and look at some Python modules, some Python code.
And this really brings again this very important point that a great way to work with building a genetic
framework.
So building a genetic solutions to business problems is to start in the lab.
Start in a notebook like this experimenting with prompts and different agent configurations.
And don't move to Python modules until you've done your experiments.
I do get a lot of people asking me, how am I going to go about building this agent solution to the
following commercial problem.
And they want to dive straight into code and building lots of agents, and they want to build a diagram
that shows boxes with agents all talking to each other.
And I say to them, look, it's super important to begin by experimenting where that data science hat
start in the lab, start by experimenting with prompts, understand what are the capabilities that you
can give an agent, that it can stay coherent and it can follow instructions.
And how can you give the right balance between autonomy and coherence and these kinds of decisions?
They come through practice, and it doesn't come from designing a big picture and then coding for a
long time, and then kicking it off and then complaining when it doesn't do what you want it to do because
it won't the first time if you do it that way.
And that's why the right way to approach this is little by little, starting small in the lab.
So that's what we've done here.
We've done that.
We've been in the lab, we've built something, and it's now time for us to turn this into code.
And we're going to do that.
And I'm going to show you, piece by piece, three different files MCP servers, templates and traders.
So first of all MCP servers is where we define our MCP servers.
So here we go.
We're looking for.
It's actually sorry.
It's it says MCP servers.
It's MCP params dot pi.
Change that right now MCP params dot pi is where the MCP servers are specified.
So here we go.
We're in MCP params dot pi.
Now you don't need to have your MCP parameters specified in a python module separate to your other code,
but I think this is an organized, tidy way of doing it to keep things nicely.
The right concerns in the right file.
So in this file, I'm setting up my different MCP parameters that I'll use later when I'm creating the
MCP servers.
So first of all, for market data I choose to either use the official polygon MCP server or I use the
little sneaky one that we made market servers that caches results and makes sure that you can use free
polygon IO without exceeding your limits.
So we pick one or the other depending on how your EMV is set up.
Okay.
And then the full set of MCP servers for our trader is the accounts server, our homegrown MCP server
for accounts, the push server, another little homegrown server sending push notifications because
you know I love them.
And then the server for the market data.
Okay.
And now we've got a separate set of MCP servers for our researcher.
There are three of them.
First of all fetch the ability to fetch a page using playwright browser behind the scenes.
Then we're using the brave search again, our free brave search API for web searches.
And then this the return of the memory.
We're using our memory.
We're using the SQL based memory.
And you can see I'm actually going to try and have a separate memory file for each trader based on its
name.
So the name will be passed in.
And that's what we will use here as the, the name of the of the memory file, so that every trader,
every researcher has a separate set of memory.
Okay.
That is the MCP params module.
So the second module I wanted to show you is called templates.
And here's the thing templates.py is just where I have put any function which is returning like a prompt
instruction or a string or something like that.
And I've done this to be organized so that I don't have tons of text coded within the body of my functionality.
And again, this is just a nice, good practice.
It's good to separate concerns this way.
It means that if I need to edit my prompts, I've got one place to go and do it.
I've got effectively my my prompt templates.
Uh, in many ways, if you if you think of some of the more opinionated frameworks like Lang chain or
like crew I for for an agent framework, they sort of force you to separate stuff like this?
Uh, well, they don't force you.
But there are ways around it.
But but, uh, crew, for example, of course, has the YAML files, which, uh, specifically takes
away takes to one side your text.
But we're not we're not using those kinds of frameworks, but there's nothing stopping us from, uh,
putting us through the discipline of putting all of our texts like this into a separate module.
And that's why I've got it here.
So I've got, uh, my researcher instructions, my research tool definitions, my trader instructions,
and my prompts all here in these different functions.
And you'll see I do things like inserting the current date in the prompts, which I said before was
a was a very good practice, uh, to avoid having to equip it with the tool that it needs to call.
Just put the date in the prompt, and you'll also see how I'm putting the strategy and the account details
straight in there in the prompt.
So that's templates.py that separates out our uh text into its own module.