Okay.
And with this, it's time for us to go and have a look at traders Dot Pi, the module for defining our
traders.
And just before I do this, I want to mention that there's some fancy python I've got in here, which
looks a bit muddling the first time you see it.
One of the slightly hokey things about working with OpenAI agents SDK is that that you.
It's good to use the context managers to wrap creating a server like like like I've got right here this
async with and then the server studio passing in the parameters as a server.
But that can start to look super ugly if you have a bunch of servers, which we do, we have many.
When you have many, you'd have to have a separate with statement, a separate context manager on each
line indented, and it gets a little bit out of control.
And there is a Python technique, which is quite an advanced technique for not having to have a stack
like this, but just being able to do it, sort of iterate over lots of context managers, lots of widths,
and it looks like this.
and with async code as well.
It's a little bit a little bit muddling, but you can have uh with an async exit stack.
And then you can do this enter context for each in a list.
So this construct that you're seeing here, this code is just taking the MCP server params and iterating
over that and effectively doing a width for each of those in turn.
So look into this if you wish.
It's a construct.
I use it to make the code a bit neater, but don't let it put you off.
You could equally well just do it the manual way.
Okay, so with that little caveat, let's go and have a look at this.
This is the module.
It's just taking what we had in the lab and turning it into a Python module.
There is some cool stuff at the top here that just allows it to switch different models.
So we're not only relying on OpenAI, we can use deep seq, grok, Google, or we can use open router
uh, open router for for Americans, we can use open Router to connect to any model of our choosing.
And if you look in the guides directory, there's a whole guide that talks more about this use of different
models.
So based on which one you choose it will pick a different model provider.
And other than that, this is basically exactly what was in the lab in the notebook, turned into a
class, into a Python module.
And just here is that funky stuff I was just talking about with the stacks.
So, you know, if you're suspicious of this, then look into it a little bit more.
Read up about this, this construct here and why I've done it this way.
And if you dislike it, you can always manually have the with with with with with.
Um, but it will be quite, quite nested.
It will look a bit bit ugly, but it would be a bit simpler to do it that way.
But other than that, everything here simply involves creating a trader agent and using a research agent
as a tool.
And it's the same code that we had a second ago, and it's all packaged into a nice class trader so
that we can create an instance of trader giving it a name and an agent and a model name, and off it
will go.
One other thing about it that's kind of fun is that I did have it, uh, alternating between making
trading decisions and making decisions to rebalance its own portfolio.
So I've given it that ability to, uh, either trade or rebalance as it wishes.
So you can see here that that, uh, if the do trade flag is set, then it will, it will run a trade
message.
Otherwise it will run a rebalance message, which you can look in the templates is a message to say
you should rebalance your portfolio, uh, to be optimized.
And at the bottom here in in run this is of course the, the business function.
This is what kicks it all off.
It kicks off a run and then it will uh switch that do trade flag.
It will flip it the other way.
So that is the trader module.
It's one thing about this I haven't told you yet, which I'm going to tell you about tomorrow.
Uh, but this is basically showing you all of the stuff, all of the good stuff that we wanted to build
around, having an autonomous trader that alternates between trading and balancing its portfolio and
uses a researcher agent to help it.
And using a bunch of MCP tools.
Okay, so now back in the lab, let's actually see what this module does.
So we're going to import that, uh, trader, the class we were just looking at a second ago.
We're going to create a new instance called editor of that trader.
So that's now called Add.
And because the name is add, it's going to look up an accounts and have access to that same account.
The thing that just bought Disney shares and then sold them again.
Some of them.
Uh, and now we're going to call the trader Dot run.
This is the business.
This is the thing that's actually going to kick it off and run this whole process.
Let me get on with it.
So I kick that going and while it's running, we'll let it let it run for a little bit.
So it gets gets started with its activity.
We'll open up the trace.
Let's see what's happening here.
Here it is.
And so it's it's off and running.
It's listing tools.
And it's thinking, uh, we'll see if we can just refresh it like that.
Yep.
It's doing a brave web search and it's now going to take its time over this.
So rather than sitting here thinking of what to say for for a couple of minutes, that will take, I
will be right back with you.
Okay.
Well that just ran and it completed.
And the result it took, it took 48 seconds.
It didn't take too long.
And it did end up by complaining that one of the tools had an error.
Uh, so we can go and check that out.
Um, but otherwise it seemed to do its thing.
So let's go and have a look at the trace.
Uh, so we'll come in here.
Here we go.
So it did.
Listing tools.
It starts with the researcher.
The researcher does a brave web search, and then it comes back.
And now we're with the trader.
It does a bunch of of tickers.
It does lots of tickers.
It does some buying and some shares.
What's it bought.
It bought Amazon um, and and more and Apple and Microsoft and uh that's great.
Uh, and then at the end here it does some selling and some shares as well.
Again, I guess because it's so aggressive.
Uh, so um, looking to, to, uh, sell some shares and then it ends with a push notification.
And this is where our error happened.
Uh, there was, uh, it said that there was an error running the tool, which is interesting because
that looks fine to me.
And it's also interesting because I did actually get a push notification on my phone there.
Just, uh, it does indeed have, uh, have exactly the same, uh, message.
So I got the push notification.
Uh, it came through.
It worked fine.
I'm not sure why the error appeared here.
It may be because that method didn't return anything, so I just.
I just changed that just in case.
But anyways, I'd say that that is a wholehearted success.
Uh, agent just worked fine.
Uh, and now we can call our read accounts resource and check what happened.
And you'll see, indeed, that we do now have, uh, Amazon shares.
And we've done a bunch of these transactions.
If you look in here, which are, uh, consistent with that, uh, trading activity.
So it looks like, uh, things were successful, we've been able to run our trader agent using this
code, using our module, and it's called a slew of MCP servers.
And it had collaborating a trader and also a researcher to do it.
Okay.
And finally, before we wrap up, let's just quickly count how many tools we just used in total.
So from that MCP params module we can import the trader and researcher params, add them up and then
iterate through them.
And for each one, collect the tools and report on the total number of tools that we just made available
to our two agents, our trader and researcher agent, in what we just did.
And so we had a total of six MCP servers and 44 tools.
That's a lot of tools.
Uh, so yeah, that was great fun.
And of course, you know what I'm going to say, the challenge for you is that you can add more tools.
The more the merrier.
We can give more capabilities to our traders to allow them to do more.
And of course, if you work in finance, if you have business knowledge of this area, then I'm scratching
the surface of what we could achieve with this.
And you can add in tons more capabilities than our 44 tools.
But again, one more time, I would urge you to start by adding in those tools, working in the lab
to understand what the models are capable of and to experiment with it before you.
Then go and put it into the modules and run it as part of the final architecture.
And that's a wrap on day four.
Obviously, we covered a lot of ground, and it's super important that you go through and replicate
this yourself and look at things, look at this code to get a good sense of how you go about building
these sorts of agent solutions.
And of course, make it your own.
As always, tweak the prompts, experiment.
Remember, they're all in that one module template Test.py.
So you can experiment with changing the prompts and see how that affects the characteristics of the
trader.
But of course, the big moment is coming tomorrow.
And we then unveil the full platform.
We put the finishing touches on everything and there's some really cool finishing touches where you
bring it all together.
And I also want to give some summaries on big picture thoughts on the big question like, okay, we've
we've covered all these different ancient frameworks.
So which one should I choose for my project.
We'll answer that as well.
All in our grand finale next time.