While it's all been leading up to this.
Welcome to the grand finale.
Welcome to week six, day five, the conclusion of our capstone project, and also the time when we
wrap up and answer the question of, okay, so which framework should I use for my project?
But first, the capstone project, autonomous trading.
We have some ingredients to add to the mix.
We're going to turn it into a trading floor of four traders.
We're going to give the traders autonomy to evolve their strategy.
We're going to expand the number of models.
You've already seen a little teaser of this, and we're going to build a user interface, which is going
to have a surprise extra component, which is a super important piece of functionality extensibility
that we can get through OpenAI agents SDK.
So without further ado, let's go back to the lab for the final time.
And here we are once more in cursor for the last time.
We go into the sixth folder and we go to lab five, which is really more of a text thing, but let's
just talk about what we have here.
So we've, uh, actually now we've already taken a look at all of the MCP servers that we're going to
be playing with, but it includes, of course, things like the push notification and the memory and
everything else.
But I want to be adding more in time.
And I would like you to as well.
And so if you go in there and you look in the MCP servers, you might find that there are more there
already.
Uh, because I do plan to be adding more and if not, you should keep adding them in.
As of the time I record this, there are currently, as we just saw, six MCP servers with 44 different
tools and two resources, and I do hope to be adding to them in time.
Okay, so now to introduce you to the four traders that we have set up in our trading floor, we have
four traders that are now known.
They are named Warren, George, Ray and Cathy, and they are paying homage to four luminaries of the
industry Warren to the legend that is Warren Buffett, George to George Soros.
Ray for Ray Dalio and Kathy, perhaps an odd one out for a more modern investor for Cathie Wood of Ark
Investments.
And they each have investment strategies inspired by their namesakes.
Uh, but also I've given them autonomy to be changing their strategy in time.
So let's look at this.
So first of all, we need to go to a Python module called Reset Pi.
And this is where the strategies are laid out.
There is a Warren strategy.
Uh, you are Warren.
You are named in homage to your role model, Warren Buffett, a value oriented investor prioritizing
long term wealth creation.
George is named for George Soros, an aggressive macro trader.
Ray.
Of course, systematic principles based approach, uh, with macro economic insights.
And Kathy, who pursues disruptive innovation, particularly crypto.
But I focused on crypto ETFs because this is all meant to be about equity trading.
So ETFs is what we do.
Um, and reset traders will reset these for people to have this strategy.
Now I'm not going to run that reset method myself because I've already had this running for a couple
of weeks.
And I don't want to delete all that history.
I want you to see how these traders have done for the last couple of weeks, because that's going to
be fun.
Um, so I won't reset, but you, of course should, so that you have the right strategies if you're
looking at this.
So you should uncomment this line right here and run reset traders so that everything is ready to begin.
And then I need to talk to you about traces.
Okay.
So I now want to tell you about traces.
One of the things you might have thought about OpenAI agents SDK is that whilst it is quite lightweight
and simple, which is nice, it perhaps doesn't have the same level of resiliency and plumbing that
something like Landgrave has with its connectivity to Lang Smith.
The trace functionality in OpenAI.
It's a little bit sort of cheap and cheerful.
You have to log in to your OpenAI screen and then see the tracing in there.
Well, it happens that they thought of that.
They've made the tracing functionality in OpenAI agents SDK very extensible.
You can, in fact connect it to Lang Smith to be able to look at your data in Lang Smith, you can also
connect it to things like weights and biases, which I teach in my other course, which is super useful.
And indeed, you can extend it yourself to record trace information however you would like, so that
you can programmatically handle that with your agent flow and take actions as a result of tracing.
And that is really cool and it's very easy to do.
And I've done it here in this traces module.
So you essentially make a subclass of an OpenAI class called Tracing Processor.
And in that subclass you have to override four methods on trace start on trace end on span start and
on span end, and you get passed in an object that describes what's going on, and you can then choose
to do what you want, record it in any way.
And what gets passed in could be one of a number of different types of data, and you can pluck out
relevant information and decide what to do with it.
And so what did I use this for?
What have I decided to do with it?
I've decided to have my own little logging mechanism.
And so I write this to my own log with a name and a type and a message, and I actually store this in
SQLite.
I have this write log, just writes it to a database based on this person's name, so that I can keep
track of these logs, and that allows me to take some actions as a result of the tracing activity happening
in my agent framework.
And what would I like to do with that?
Well, I'd like to display it.
I'd like to be able to see on the user interface, what are our traders actually doing?
What are they thinking, what's going on?
And I'd like to be able to reflect what is effectively being recorded in OpenAI's traces on the user
interface, and that is what we will be doing.
Okay, so we've talked about the user interface.
Let's see what it is.
Well this is the code for it.
It's a Gradio app.
And you probably know that I love Gradio.
Now the purpose of this course is not to teach you about Gradio.
So I'm not going to go through this in a lot of detail, but it is very simplistic.
Uh, I've got like a class trader, which is going to to wrap my various calls to, to organize the
business rules around a trader for this screen.
And then I've got a sort of companion class, trader view, which deals with the visual elements associated
with any trader.
And it has something that periodically refreshes the screen.
And then this ends with just the create UI that has the final gradio code to to create it, and something
that launches the screen.
So you can look at the UI code if you wish.
It's not super important.
What's important is what information it shows us.
And let's take a look at that right now.
So I press control and Backtick to open a terminal.
I go into the sixth folder and now I type.
You've run app Dot Pi to launch our Gradio app for our autonomous traders.
And here it is.
Here in a nutshell is the UI for our traders.
And I gotta tell you, I love this.
So the four columns here represent our four traders.
This is the trader view object with the trader behind it Warren.
And in this case Warren is controlled by GPT four one.
Mini George is deep seek V3, Ray is Gemini two five flash and Cathie is using appropriately for crypto
investor grok three mini.
Um, and one thing that's kind of fun is to see that this has been running for a few weeks, and all
four of my traders are profitable.
They all started with $10,000.
That is what happens when you call reset, and none of them have made a fortune, but they have all
made a little bit of money.
And the winner right now is Cathy.
Uh, the, uh, Cathy seems to be doing quite well with her portfolio.
And it does look like three out of the four have Nvidia stock in their portfolios.
Um, and you can see here some fun looking stuff that we're seeing the trace information about these
traders.
And of course we're seeing this chart here that shows what's been going on with their portfolios.
Um, and I haven't actually run them for a few days, which is why there's been this sort of jump down
of, of their performance.
Uh, so this is pretty cool.
This is the user interface that's looking at our traders.
But if you're following, you'll realize that we're not actually seeing anything dynamic here.
We're just seeing a snapshot of the data in the database that reflects our.
For traders, what we really want to see is what happens when they start trading, when we actually
kick this off and run it.
And that is what we're going to do right now.