Well, as you can probably tell, I'm quite chuffed about that project.
I think it came together so nicely, and I really do hope that there's a lot to learn from it and seeing
it together like that.
And I love the fact that it is actually a nod to a commercial use of agents.
So a question that I get quite often at this point that people that have that have got to this point
in the course, is that people feel a bit frazzled by everything that we've covered, like thinking
back to the different variety of projects and frameworks and left with the question, okay, so so now
that I'm embarking on my own project, which of these frameworks do I select?
What do I choose?
And I'm here to give you that answer.
I want to tell you exactly which framework you should select.
And the answer is the framework that you should select doesn't actually matter.
It's not the most important question.
And in a minute I'm going to take you through what I think does matter and the sorts of things you should
be thinking about when you embark on your project.
Look, the different frameworks have different pros and cons, and you should pick the one that just
suits you.
The one that that that that you jibe with the most that suits your kinds of of of strengths and the
places where you need help and also the skills and capabilities of your team as well.
I find that that, as you probably know, I like OpenAI agents SDK because it's lightweight, it stays
out of the way, and it gives you a level of flexibility and control that I like to be able to code
with.
But I fully recognize that there are other frameworks like crew, that are much more batteries included,
where you get a lot in the box, you get, you know, you just write your yamls and you can focus on
your yamls and a lot comes along for the ride, and that can be super convenient and really attractive.
And they even come with some of the low code tools that let you visualize this too.
So there are lots of benefits to using the other frameworks too, but you can build an agent solution
in any of them.
So really you just pick the one that works for you the best that you enjoy using and that you have the
best experience with.
Sure, my go to is to use OpenAI agents SDK.
I've used it a lot.
I've used it to build projects which which are live.
And of course I use MCP as well to bring in other tooling.
Um, but I totally get that the batteries included ones work better for others and that there are pros
and cons.
Landgraf of course, famous for the way that it's so very repeatable, reproducible, and so tightly
integrated with the long chain ecosystem and with things like Lange Smith for monitoring.
So plenty of pros and cons.
And there are also other frameworks too.
Now I feel a bit like a DJ that that is up there trying to play the favorite tracks that everyone's
going to like, and I always miss one that someone's favorite.
And I've had some people message me and say, why didn't you cover whatever?
And they're hurt by this and I'm sorry, I had to pick a selection.
Some of the other, the sort of the ones that are that are almost made it Google Agent Development Kit,
ADK that's becoming increasingly popular.
It was it's very new and it was still in its infancy even a few weeks ago.
But they've just released what they're calling the version one that's ready for production for the first
time and it's starting to get more traction.
They've got a lot of companies involved.
ADK also comes with a protocol that Google has announced, called A to Agent to agent, which is meant
to be a sort of companion protocol to MCP.
But while MCP lets you connect to other tools, A to A would allow different agents to discover each
other, to be able to exchange information about what they can do and agents to be able to call each
other, even if they're running on different hardware in a completely different setting.
Now, that second part of it, this, this connectivity piece that's a bit similar to Autogen core,
if you remember that same kind of idea.
So it's got that Autogen core angle to it, allow different heterogeneous agents to interact.
And it's also got this discoverability idea that agents will be able to ask each other, okay, what
are you capable of doing through a sort of agent card, which is a bit like a model card, but but for
agents.
But this is also still in its infancy.
It hasn't yet got community traction, so it's a bit too early to call whether this is going to be as
popular as something like MCP that has more immediate, more obvious role to play.
So that's Google Agents development kit, which is which is somewhere in between OpenAI agents and and
also it's got a some, some shades of crew because it has it's got a little bit more of batteries and
it's got some user interface stuff as well.
Hugging face, small agents, very popular.
Uh, it was more popular a while ago and it's super simplistic.
It's very much again, shades of opening agents SDK keep it simple and keep out of your way, which
is great.
Pedantic AI has has a big following.
It's really fun to to work with.
It's also very similar to OpenAI agents SDK.
In fact, OpenAI agents SDK said that they were inspired by some of the pedantic AI work, and they
gave a shout out to pedantic AI in their announcements.
And, uh, pedantic AI also has some, some elements of of Landgraf in there too.
But here's the thing.
I chose the frameworks that I chose because I felt that it gives you a a great flavor of the gamut of
different kinds of techniques that are used in a genetic framework.
And I feel like it prepares you really well to adopt any of these.
If you just bring up Google ADK and go through their tutorial and how to, you'll see so many familiar
concepts that will be like, okay, sure.
And in fact, you'll see that already a student has contributed in the community contributions.
Google SDK solution for for one of the weeks, which is so cool.
And so you can see that it's just very, very similar, the same same kind of techniques.
And so I do encourage you, if one of these is one that you really want to explore as well, then then
go and take a look at it.
But, but and I think you'll find it's super easy to pick up same, same kinds of concepts as we've
used tools, structured outputs and so on.
But the overall message is don't get bogged down in framework selection.
They all have their pros and cons.
You can focus on the one that lands well for you.
It's not the most important stuff.
Let's talk about the important stuff.
So I'm going to give you ten pieces of advice, ten things that I think matters.
And this is personal advice, so you can feel free to disagree with me.
Reject this.
This is not necessarily the, you know, the gospel.
This is simply my experiences, my advice as a practitioner in the field.
First things first, and this is a general advice.
In a lot of cases I do find, and perhaps particularly in Agentic I, that a lot of people come into
this space with the solution in mind.
They come in and say, I want to use agents for X, and it's super important to say that that is a bad
way of thinking about it.
You should really never you should always catch yourself with a little red flag if you're coming into
building something.
And the starting point is I want agents to do X.
First of all, focus on the problem you're solving and what is X, what is wrong, and go with an agent
solution.
If you realize that that is in fact the right way to solve that problem, start with the problem.
Go to the solution, not the other way around.
I know it's the kind of thing that everyone says.
You probably heard that a million times, but particularly with agents.
There's so many people because of the agentic hype that are just jumping on.
I need an agent for this.
I need an agent for that.
Start with the problem.
Second piece of advice is that once you've got a problem, identify the metric that you will use to
measure whether you have successfully solved that problem.
This is like a standard piece of data science advice, but this can be your North Star for for as you're
working to see whether you're getting closer or further from solving the problem and finding that metric
can be really difficult.
And that's something which is a important part of the task, which you have to start with and associated
with that.
It's not one of the ten, but but along with the metric, you have to be able to curate the data that
will allow you to measure that metric.
So understanding the data that you've got, the data that you need and making sure that you curate that
data in order to measure that metric.
This is all pretty standard data science stuff.
But often again, I think particularly with agentic solutions, people sometimes bypass this because
they're so focused on I want my agents to do blah.