And moving on to the third piece of sage advice from me.
It is to favor workflows over autonomy to start with.
So when you're embarking on a new agent solution, it's tempting to rush into a fully autonomous solution.
It's better to start by building something which is using simple workflows to take things step by step.
Now, when you're working with open AI agents SDK, there are a number of different ways to do this.
You remember, you can use tools as a way to have one agent call out to another, and you can also use
handoffs as a way that an agent can pass control to a different one.
But actually I would suggest starting using a third approach.
You might wonder what's the third approach?
I don't remember that.
Well, this is actually what we did with our deep research agent.
The third approach is simply to use Python code to make each agent call in isolation.
Call runner run, make a call to an agent, get an output, and then call runner run again and do things
step by step in this organized way with Python code later, you can turn this into Hand-offs or tools,
and you can add autonomy and give more activities to one agent, more responsibility.
But start simple with hard coded or Python coded workflows.
So my fourth piece of advice is super important, particularly for people from a software engineering
background such as myself, it's common to come into building agent solutions with a blank sheet of
paper and draw some big agent architecture diagram.
And in my view, that's not the best approach.
It's better to work on these things.
Bottoms up.
Start with a simple agent.
Take a small part of your problem and solve it well with one simple agent, one LM call and work on
that until you've got that working well, and then add another agent and work bottoms up, building
your platform as you discover what works well and what doesn't.
Now, sometimes it's good to actually approach it from both angles.
Do a bit of top down and a bit of bottoms up, but out of the two I would favor bottoms up in the case
of a genetic workflows, because you need to first discover what's going to perform well with your LMS.
And the next one is very similar, which is to say, it's best to always start simple and then make
your platform more complicated when the simple solution is working.
I can't tell you how many people have sent me these massive, great solutions, hundreds of lines of
code, and it's not giving them the outcome that they want.
And they're saying, I don't know, it's broken.
Why help improve this?
Fix it?
And the answer is it doesn't work that way.
You can't do that.
It's too hard.
You have to start small and simple, solve a simple problem and do it really well, and then gradually
expand and with each of the building blocks, as you solve each problem, you put them together and
you see the bigger agent workflow working well.
But that's the right approach, because if you build everything and get complex and the answer doesn't
match what you're looking for, it's impossible to know where to look.
And so the simple key start simple.
And a sort of opposite point to that, interestingly, is I recommend, when starting out, begin by
using the highest end models to start with with with small data sets, such as using the GPT four one
or using Claude for right now, Claude for sonnet, maybe not Claude for opus.
That might be a little bit too too expensive, but start with the expensive ones so that you can make
sure that in theory, what you're trying to accomplish will work.
And then once you've got that working, you can then look to move to cheaper models like Claude for
sonnet or GPT for one mini, or maybe GPT for one nano.
And as you make your prompts more and more instructive and precise, you may be able to achieve similar
performance with lighter models.
But as you start with your simple solutions, start with the high powered models so you can prove out
what works and what doesn't.
And then the next piece of advice for you.
This is a subtle one, so I see a lot of people getting caught up in trying to figure out different
types of memory, which is a construct that I feel is like overworked.
There's like short term memory, some people call it, which is usually just looking at the conversation
so far.
And then there's longer term memory, which is usually other words for for looking up like a rag retrieval
in a database or using the kind of knowledge graph that we used in the trading project.
The thing to keep in mind is that all of these different memory techniques are, in fact, just different
ways of finding relevant context and shoving it in the prompt.
It's all about what goes in the prompt at the end of the day.
And so keep a clear mind about that and make sure that that whilst you might use various tools and techniques
for memory at, at the end of the day, all you're doing is trying to find the right relevant material
for the prompts.
So look at the prompts, see what's being included there, look at the tools you're using and see what
information is being retrieved.
And make sure that you're giving the LLM the right context to be able to answer its question.
And so rather than getting too bogged down in what kinds of memory you're using, focus on what kind
of information does the LM need to answer the question?
And are you providing that information in the prompts?
Okay.
And I'm almost done with this preachy advice for you.
Let's go to number eight.
It's very similar point again, which is that look, most of the difficulties that you come up against
working with agent systems and with LMS generally are fixed by better prompting and by experimenting
with your prompts.
People often are message me and say, can I use fine tuning for this?
Can I use a different encoder?
LM for my rag?
All sorts of sophisticated stuff, when often the right answer is to just focus on the prompts, make
something a bit simpler, a bit more directive, a bit more instructive.
If it's outputting one thing, then try and tell it not to give it some examples of what a good output
looks like.
You can get so far just by working on your prompts.
And a similar point again is also look at the traces.
Of course, this is a great discipline to get into, even if your agents seem to be working well and
they're giving the answers that you expect.
You should still be disciplined to go and check that everything is just as you want in the traces,
just in case there's extra tool call happening.
There's some weird stuff happening now.
I'm often guilty of not going back and looking at the traces, particularly if things seem to be working,
and then often when I do, I then discover that there is something in there, there is a gotcha that
I can fix.
And so it is so important, even if I don't take my own advice on this always you should you should
go in and check, check the traces.
Always.
As you're building your agent system, make sure things are behaving the way that you expect.
And I've left the most important piece of advice to the very end.
And here it is.
Look, being an AI engineer, being an LM engineer involves wearing two hats, a software engineering
hat, and a data scientists hat.
And when you're beginning your project, when you're at the starting point of building a new system,
you need to be taking firmly off the software engineering hat and putting on that scientist hat and
be a scientist.
That means be comfortable with experimentation and R&amp;D.
People often come to me and say, which?
Which model should I pick A, B, or C?
Which technique should I use?
This, this or this?
Which tool should I use?
And the answer is you should try them all.
Try them.
Experiment.
Look at your overall business metric that you're using to gauge success, and use that to judge which
of the different techniques is working better for you, and embrace the experimentation.
It's absolutely key.
I've put a whole guide about this.
If you look in the guides, you'll see one.
I think it's one of the last ones is about how to build your own projects.
And I talk a lot about this.
There's no shortcut to R&amp;D.
Embrace being a scientist and researching and exploring and understanding what works well.
I often have an instinct about the right way to go and build something, but it turns out my instinct
is often wrong.
So don't trust my instinct, but instead experiment and discover for yourself.