Well, thank you for indulging me on my ten pieces of advice there.
Again, these are just one practitioner's thoughts, but I do hope you find some of it helpful.
Okay.
So with that, I want to take you back to review the journey of the last six weeks and what an adventure
it has been.
Seems like a long time ago that we were looking at the foundations of a genetic eye, looking at what
it's like to call multiple llms through the direct native APIs, and also different agentic design patterns,
ending with the personal career agent that hopefully you deployed on Huggingface spaces.
I know people have been looking at my one, and I know that some of you are ask cheeky questions to
it because when you do, of course I get a notification.
It hits my Apple Watch and it happens at the strangest of times.
And I've actually cracked up in the middle of a meeting when someone asked a particularly silly question
to it.
So it's great fun, but hopefully you have your own and it's a bit more serious than you posted on it
on LinkedIn, and it's getting some traction.
And then in week two, we unveiled my favorite OpenAI agents SDK.
Nice and easy.
We built some really cool projects, we built the deep research, and a number of students have extended
this and made meteor deep research apps that do things like asking clarifying questions.
And that's all in the community Contributions project and in the folder.
And you should put something in there too, because there's lots of great stuff.
And then in week three, we went a different direction by looking at crew AI, more of a batteries included
framework.
And I think for me, the startling thing about week three was when we built the engineering team and
I got to tell you that the the results of that I find it spellbinding.
And just recently I tried running all of the test cases and they all run flawlessly.
It's so amazing to see this come together, and I hope you had the same experience, and I hope you've
actually put this to good use and built something with it, as we did in building the accounts stuff
for for week six.
And then week four was a surprise for me.
I'd used Landgraf before, but not as in as much detail as I did in during week four building those
projects, and I really enjoyed it and I was very impressed by it.
It wasn't as heavyweight as I was expecting and it was very powerful.
And the psychic that we built was great fun.
I hope you've enjoyed that.
I hope you've used it as well and extended it.
I actually rebuilt it myself in OpenAI agents SDK to as a way to, to use it myself.
Um, but it's really interesting to see that and to take advantage of the Landgraf and the Lang chain
ecosystem in building that.
And then week five was another bit of a surprise.
Using Autogen, I found that Autogen agent chat was particularly lightweight and simple and easy to
work with, although perhaps not as mature as OpenAI agent SDK.
And then I really enjoyed Autogen core.
As I say, there's there's some shades of some of the same things that Google has worked on with a to
a um, in the way that Autogen core can allow different, different heterogeneous agents to talk to
each other.
So it's exciting stuff.
And then building the agent creator was a lot of fun.
I really like meta exercise and surreal and and exciting, so I hope I hope you enjoyed that that project,
and I hope that it sparked some thoughts about different ways that you can take an agent creator to
be building more agents.
And then week six hardly needs a recap because we've done it.
It's fresh in your minds.
MCP servers, building them, using them 44 different tools in our capstone project for equity traders.
That was such good fun and hopefully you found it, like me, a fitting conclusion, a really juicy
project to wrap things up.
And nice that it's a commercial project that applies it to a real business area.
If you're in finance, I hope you're looking to extend it.
If you're not in finance, I hope you're thinking about how could you apply a similar kind of agent
framework to your business area, that that's the big idea.
And then also at the end we went through some thoughts about overall picking agent frameworks.
It doesn't matter.
And some general points about things to look for as you're building your agent.
Solution.
Okay.
We're going to head into our final farewell part.
Don't go anywhere.
There's only like a minute or two left of this whole adventure, and it's super important that I get
to say to you, congratulations, you've made it through the full curriculum.
You've now experienced so many different agent frameworks and patterns and designs and projects, and
you should be equipped yourself.
Just as we've equipped our agents, you are now equipped to be going off and building commercial, exciting
projects that use autonomous agents.
And you should be celebrating that on LinkedIn.
And many, many congratulations for making it to that point.
Let me now tell you the final to do's for you.
And so my first request to you is to be building.
You should go in and look at the community contributions from others, and then add some of your own
community contributions.
If you're interested in the trading simulator.
I really love this project.
I would love it if you added more MCP servers.
Add some more agents to the mix, give it some more autonomy to do new things.
I'd love to be able to add short selling crypto currency trading into the mix, But if if a different
project appeals to you more, then work on that.
I can't wait to see the stuff that you build and then share on LinkedIn.
Share your success with this project with this course.
Share your contributions, share any aha moment, anything that's been inspirational for you, or an
insight that you'd like to highlight to other people and post that.
And if you tag me, then I will weigh in and make sure that it gets amplified along my community as
well, to make sure that that your expertise is shared wide and perhaps catches the attention of future
clients of yours, or maybe future employers of yours as well.
And then I may may have mentioned this maybe once or twice.
Uh, please do connect with me on LinkedIn.
I love connecting with people on LinkedIn.
You don't need to, uh, make a comment if you don't want to.
You can just connect.
But if you do want to make a comment, then I will reply.
And, uh, yeah, people joke that I have an agent running.
It's not an agent.
It's going to be me.
I will reply to you.
I do reserve the right to occasionally paste from my clipboard because, you know, I do sometimes say
the same thing again and again, but I assure you that at least 50% of the content will be original
content typed, but maybe half of it will be a sort of paste at the end of it there.
But I'm sure you'll forgive me for that.
That that must be allowed.
But other than that, please do connect with me on LinkedIn.
And I should also say my my editor would kill me if I didn't mention that.
If you're able to rate this course on Udemy, it makes a huge difference.
That's the main way that Udemy decides whether or not to recommend this course to other people.
So as I say, it makes an enormous difference for me and for the course.
If you have a moment to go in and rate the course, I would be super grateful.
And that brings us to the final few seconds of this course.
It remains for me to thank you so much for making it all the way through to the very, very, very end
to say a big farewell.
It's been great hanging out for the last six weeks.
I hope to make many more courses so so I will be back.
In the meantime, please do stay in touch and please do keep building.