Okay, enough with the sidebars.
It's on to the main business.
It is on to introducing OpenAI agents SDK.
Now let me start by by teeing this up.
So this is a framework which as I've already mentioned, is super lightweight, very flexible.
One of the things I love about it is that it's not what they call opinionated.
Opinionated is how some frameworks are described when they come with a lot of constructs, a way of
doing things that you are then sort of expected to adhere to.
Now, that's not always a bad thing because that can help build particular design patterns.
It can get you it can allow you to build things really, really quickly.
But my personal bias is I often prefer things that are less prescriptive and which give you more flexibility
to choose how you want to to work with this.
And very much OpenAI agents SDK is of that ilk.
It also is very good at the same time at making some of the everyday stuff, like using tools much simpler.
So if you think of all of that gunk that we had to do with the JSON around tools, all of that faffing
around with JSON objects.
Well, OpenAI agents SDK just does all that for you.
So that kind of stuff is very much it is in the way, but in a good way.
It just does all of that JSON stuff and it handles the whole, if you remember the if statement and
then my fancy version of it, it does all of that so that you just don't need to worry about it.
And that's one way where it is good to have some abstraction, because that's the the useless boilerplate
stuff that you have to repeat every single time that you want a framework to do for you.
And as you can probably tell from the way I'm saying this, OpenAI agents SDK is my favorite.
And yeah, I'm really looking forward to this week.
And I enjoy working with OpenAI agents SDK.
And you might be thinking, why?
Why are you showing us your favorite one?
First, why don't you want to end with your favorite one?
You should work up to it.
And I have two answers for you there.
So first of all, I do want to point out that whilst OpenAI agents SDK is my favorite, all of the frameworks
are great, and they all have pros and cons, and each of them have use cases where they are the best
for that particular kind of problem.
So in some ways they're all my favorites.
But but uh, no, that's not true.
OpenAI, you're my favorite.
Uh, they're all good.
And so, uh, but they also get that during the course of our journey, they're going to get more and
more complex.
And so it's going to make sense to do it the way we do.
And our projects are going to get beefier and beefier.
So that's the first reason.
The second reason is that whilst this is the framework that we are starting with, we are also going
to finish with it as well, because in week six, when we work with MCP, which is a protocol, not
really a framework, in the same way we are going to be using OpenAI agents SDK again in a more hardcore
way.
So it's going to come back.
It's going to make a triumphant return in week six.
So you you don't need to worry.
The crescendo will be there.
Now, one thing that all of the frameworks have in common is that they come with some terminology,
some constructs, and each one is of course slightly different.
And we will be learning each of the different terminologies as we go.
But of course OpenAI's terminology is pretty minimal.
It's it's fairly simple stuff.
There is there's three, three concepts, three terms I'm going to go through with you.
The first of them is just an agent.
Agents represent their sort of package around calls to llms which have a particular role, a particular
purpose in this solution.
Obviously handoffs this is their name for the interactions between agents.
So handoff is a term that they use a fair amount and we'll see it come up in different contexts.
But that's what it means.
It is an interaction.
And guardrails is their terminology for the kinds of checks and controls that you put around making
sure that an agent is doing what you want it to do and isn't going off the rails.
Guardrails is a pretty common word in normal software engineering anyway.
But but it's one of the the three terms to take on board for using OpenAI agents SDK.
So in order to actually run an agent, there are three steps that you have to take.
And here they are.
Here are the three steps.
You create an instance of agent.
That's going to be the thing that you're going to set.
Up to be one of the roles in your solution.
You use something called with trace to be.
Able to keep a log of all of your interactions with that agent.
This isn't required.
But but.
It's going to be the way we will do it.
And we will always do it this way.
And it's going.
To allow us to look in OpenAI's monitoring tools and see everything that's going on.
And then you call something called runner dot and runner dot run is the thing that will.
Actually run the agent as you will see.
And runner run the thing that actually runs the agent.
Is of course an async function.
Or I should say it's a coroutine.
And so as a result, it's something that we will need to await in order to get it to actually run.
So we are going to need to do something that's going to look like await runner run.
And these are the three steps.
And without further ado, let's go and do those three steps right now.