Welcome back to cursor, where we are ready to go with OpenAI agents SDK.
So you'll see that we have the folders on the left here, the directories.
And we are now going into number two OpenAI and into lab number one.
Here it is.
First look at OpenAI agents SDK.
I've included a link to the docs for OpenAI.
And I will say that it does almost concern me showing you these docs because they're so clearly written
and so easy that I rather wonder what my job is in all this.
I will say that for the next few weeks, I think I definitely have a job.
It gets a lot harder, but for this one you'd be doing well just to read the docs and it'll be very
clear to you.
So anyway, I'll keep going regardless.
So let's do some imports to get us started.
So we will say from dot env import load env.
We know we got to do that.
And now we're going to to do some imports from OpenAI's package.
And that package is called agents.
And from that package we are going to import agent.
We're going to import this thing called runner.
And we're going to import this thing called trace.
These are the three things I told you about that we were going to use today.
And the OpenAI package is called agents.
That's that's the one I do.
I do sometimes think that it's a bit strange that they use such a generic name for it, because I imagine
a lot of people use the name agents for, for their own packages.
I often do, and so you have to then start messing around with, with different kinds of imports.
But still they did.
Its called agents.
And this is, this is how we import these three key things agent runner and Trace.
All right.
So the usual starting point.
Hopefully this is second nature to you.
We need to run load dot env with override is true to bring in our environment variables they are in
okay.
We are now going to make an agent.
We're going to create our first agent, our first agent from a framework of this course.
And so we're going to have an agent and say agent equals it's going to be an instance of the class agent.
So we're creating an instance of agent OpenAI's class.
Now it has some parameters.
We need to use some arguments.
And one of them is name.
We give it a name and we're going to call it the jokester.
And then we give it something called instructions.
I like the way this is just filled in.
I'll just press tab.
Put me out of my misery.
So we pass in some instructions.
The instructions are basically the system prompt for this call to LM.
So each of these agents you can think of as being an LM with one particular system prompt designed to
organize it around one particular task.
And so our system prompt called the instructions.
In this case you are a joke teller.
And you also pass in a model which in this case is GPT four mini.
And you might be thinking in your mind a very good question, which is I.
Does this mean that OpenAI agents SDK always uses OpenAI's models?
You might, you know, that might sound like it's a sensible conclusion, but no, definitely not.
The agents SDK is very much able to work with many models, as we will later in this week.
Explore using different models with the OpenAI Agent Agents SDK.
It's not opinionated.
You can use different models with this same framework, but by default, if you just pass in a model
name, it assumes you mean OpenAI.
Okay, so now we're going to execute this.
And now we have our first agent.
Let's just look at what it looks like.
It is an agent with name jokester instructions.
You're a joke teller.
And it's got some things here.
Hand offs.
You remember that was the concept that relates to the interactions between agents.
It's got a model and it's got a bunch of settings and other things that you can, you can look at in
your own time to be worth looking at.
It has guardrails, input guardrails and output guardrails that we will look at later.
Okay.
So I mentioned that runner run is the way to run one of these things.
So we can say perhaps results equals runner dot run.
And when you run an agent you pass in two things.
You pass in the agent itself to be run by the runner.
And you pass in what is essentially the user prompt.
It is the message that you are sending the agent, let's say tell a joke about autonomous agents.
Autonomous AI agents.
Okay, so now we are going to run this.
It seems pretty simple.
What do you think is going to happen?
What's going to be in result?
I will print result.
Let's see what we get.
If we do this and we print result.
Let you have any ideas.
Here it is.
We get a code routine object because Runner Run is an async method, which means an async function,
which means that it returns a Co-routine object.
It's not it's not a function, it's a coroutine.
And so hopefully you're expecting that.
Or you guessed the what that.
What does that mean?
That means that we can't just call, run and run and expect that to work.
We have to call await.
And I'm going to I'm going to restart this kernel and start again from the top so that we don't have
one hanging out there.
Not not scheduled.
We will come through.
We will do this.
We will create our agent.
And there it is.
And now we're going to say await.
We're going to say results equals await.
Runner dot run like that.
And so now what we know is that runner dot run, that coroutine is going to be queued by the event loop.
And when we call await it's going to execute it.
And it will hold until it's completed execution.
And the results will go into the variable result.
And then we are going to print results dot final output.
And this is now hopefully going to work and tell us a joke.
See what happens.
Why don't autonomous agents ever get lost.
Because they are always following their own self driving instructions.
Okay, so OpenAI is rather better at dealing with lightweight agents frameworks than it is at telling
jokes.
But but we'll accept it so it works.
Now you can be forgiven for saying, all right, we haven't done anything particularly special here
to do with agents.
All we've done is have a system prompt and a user prompt.
But never fear, there'll be plenty of time for that later in the week.
What we're doing right now is just showing you the basic construct.
And for my final part of this, I'm going to wrap this in a trace.
So for trace you wrap this in a context manager.
So I say with trace telling a joke.
And then I just need to put that like that.
If you're not familiar with context managers then then look in the guides.
But but I imagine that you are.
And what this does is it's telling OpenAI that we would like it to record these agent interactions,
which is only one, and record it under the kind of heading telling a joke.
And this allows you to have sophisticated agent interactions with many different agent calls involved,
and have it all packaged up and available in their monitoring tools under one kind of heading.
So let's run this.
We'll get another joke.
Why did the autonomous agent break up with its human partner?
It just couldn't handle the emotional bandwidth.
Okay.
I guess it's not got a whole lot to do with agents, except it's.
Put it in there with the human partner.
That's all right.
I'll let you be the judge of it.
But now we can go and look at this trace.
If we go to platform two.
Here it comes.
Traces.
It's actually you can just go to platform openai.com and then just click on traces in the left, and
you'll see that telling a joke is the top trace up here.
And if I go into this trace we will see.
What happened is that there was one endpoint called the system instructions was you were a joke teller.
That's the system message that was just called instructions.
The user prompt was tell a joke about autonomous AI agents.
And then this was what the assistant responded.
So true to its word, it's giving us a clear trace of the single call to an LLM that happened as part
of this gigantic workflow, but it's packaged it up under the heading Telling a Joke.
And this has allowed us to come into traces and see this.
And as you can imagine, it's not particularly profound with this very simple example.
But there will come cases in the future when this is going to be invaluable.