So that concludes our very first foray into OpenAI agents SDK.
But before we wrap up week two, day one, I did want to have a second sidebar with you.
And this time it's on the entertaining topic of vibe coding, which is a term coined by the the legendary
Andrej Karpathy, who described this in I think it was an ex post that went viral about the way that
that he was enjoying coding with Llms and getting so much done in a way that you would sort of let the
LLM generate some code and sort of go with it, tweak it a bit, generate some more, and just make
so much progress in this sort of mode of working this, this ad hoc vibe coding way of navigating around
things like new frameworks.
So I think this is wonderful and I strongly encourage vibe coding, and I imagine that most of you are
very good at it.
I did want to give a few tips that I think are important to do it well, because I think it's easy to
do vibe coding and to get led astray by LMS and get yourself in trouble and get stuck, which is very
unpleasant.
So I have five tips to leave you with.
But before we get into more detail with OpenAI agents SDK and here they are.
First of all, good vibes.
It's important to spend time getting your prompt to the LLM to be really good that you can reuse.
Lots of times you should ask for short answers.
Llms tend to be quite verbose in the way that in their code that they generate, they like packaging
everything with lots of exception handlers, and they tend to do things in quite long winded way.
Try and ask it to come up with concise, clean code and also mention today's date and say, please make
sure that you use APIs that are current as of this date.
Otherwise, Llms has a nasty tendency to use older APIs because that was in a lot of their training
data, so explicitly prompt for that vibe, but verify.
My second tip don't just ask an LLM a question and go with it.
Ask a couple of llms.
So I often ask the same question to ChatGPT and to Claude and have them both up.
I asked the question because I'll learn from both of the answers.
Often one of them is too long winded or is missing the point a bit, and one of them will be spot on.
And so asking a couple or maybe even three so that you're verifying what answers you're getting is a
really good technique.
Step up the vibe.
So this is saying, I think this is such a great one.
This is because I sometimes get students sending me problems.
They're saying, I'm stuck with this and they'll send me some code and it will be like 200 lines of
code and they'll say, it's not working.
I don't know why.
And when I look through the code, it's immediately obvious to me that this is they've been coding.
You can tell there are telltale signs that a lot of this was generated by an LLM, and it's it's unwieldy,
and I can sometimes see a bunch of different bugs in it.
And I come back and I say, it's no good.
It's no good generating 200 lines of code and then saying it's broken.
That's not the way to do it.
Rather, you should always try and get llms to do things a little piece at a time.
Generate function by function.
Generate small pieces that are independently testable, like ten lines of code at a time.
So you should think of dividing your problem down into small bite sized chunks and have an LLM do each
piece of it.
And here's the trick if you can't think about how you would divide your problem down into ten smaller
steps or whatever, you don't need to because you can ask an LLM to do that.
But be very clear, you don't want it to generate code.
You say, look, I'm trying to solve the following problem and you tell it and say, what I want you
to do is tell me what would be the 4 or 5 steps in a solution where each step is simple and simple,
bite sized chunk that could be tested and verified independently and get it to come up with those,
those chunks.
And then you can ask again llms to generate code for each one in turn, along with the way to test it,
so that you can make sure that ten lines of code at a time.
You have a working solution, and you've convinced yourself that when you've got each of these, you'll
be able to put it together and have 200 perfect lines of code.
Okay.
And then the fourth one, vibe and validate.
Similar to vibe, but verify.
But Vibe and validate is saying you can ask a question to an LLM.
And then when it gives you the answer, you can go to another LLM or even the same one, but better
to be another one and say, I asked this question, I've got this answer.
Please confirm that that is an appropriate answer and that it's you can't do anything that's more concise
or better structured or clearer, or there are no bugs in this.
And by having another LLM go through and validate, it will often detect problems or make it be cleaner
and simpler.
So it's just a nice trick.
And in many ways this this mirrors this echoes the common design pattern of the evaluator optimizer.
But you can just do that manually yourself.
So taking a leaf out of a genetic design patterns and using it as part of coding.
And then my final one vibe with the variety, which is don't just say can you generate code for this?
But particularly if you're only talking about ten lines of code, say, can you give me three different
solutions to this three, approach it three different ways, and maybe the response will be that there
aren't three different ways of doing it.
There's only one clear way, but you might get three different solutions.
And and that will force the model into a mode where it's contemplating different ways of approaching
the same problem.
And as a result, you might get better solutions.
As part of that, you can also ask it to explain itself, explain the rationale so that you'll get something
that will that will also force it to think through why it's approaching it differently.
Plus, as an added benefit, it will explain to you what's going on so that you can really understand
this.
And that does sort of lead to an obvious point, which I've not put here, which is that when you do
vibe coding, you should always then go back and ask an LLM to explain it clearly.
If it's not immediately clear to you, get to a point where you understand every single thing that's
going on.
Vibe coding is super fun and productive and powerful, but if you're not following what's actually happening,
it's going to become painful and frustrating when something goes wrong.
So it is important to stay in touch with what's going on.
All right.
And that is my survival guide to vibe coding and I hope you'll find that helpful.
But other than that you should definitely do it.
It's it's great fun and it's super productive.