So look, you're here because you like getting hands on and building stuff.
And that's why I'm here, too.
And I got good news for both of us.
That's what we're doing right now.
Today we're going to be building our first OpenAI agents SDK project, building a sales development
rep.
And we're going to be building really three different pieces.
We're going to be building three different layers of Agentic architecture.
What we do this, we're going to be starting with something quite simple, a workflow of agent calls.
We're then going to spice it up by adding an agent that can use a tool.
Remembering back to when we did this, the sort of manual way with the the JSON with the boilerplate
in week one.
And then we're going to have agents that can call on other agents, and you're going to discover there
are two different ways of doing this.
You can treat agents as tools, or you can use the thing called handoffs that I mentioned before.
So keep this in mind.
Keep this construct in mind.
This is how we'll be approaching it.
There's a lot of coding to do.
Let's get started.
And so here we are back in cursor ready for the day to begin, we open the open AI folder.
We go to lab two.
Here we are at the start of week two.
Lab two, day two.
We're going to do an agent workflow.
We're going to use tools to call functions.
And then we're going to collaborate with tools and handoffs.
So before we start we're going to be making use of a tool.
It's called SendGrid.
And it will allow you to send transactional emails from their servers.
It is free.
So it's going to be very easy to set up.
It's actually owned by Twilio.
So it's a very well known company.
It's similar to something like Sparkpost if you've used that before.
And of course you can use Sparkpost instead if you'd prefer.
So there's a link here.
If you visit SendGrid right there up, it will come and you can start for free by pressing this button
right here.
And once you do that and you've set up an account, I will switch to another window.
Here we go.
This is what I get once I've signed in.
You can see that I've sent 1 or 2 emails, and there's just a few things for you to do.
Once you've done this, you go to the settings menu down here and to the API keys section.
That is where you will set up an API key and copy it to your clipboard.
You can guess where that's going to go in just a second.
The other thing to do is to go to this tab here Sender Authentication.
And you're going to click this verify a single sender button.
And what that's going to do is it's going to allow you to set up your your own email address.
This is my email address right here.
And do like a verify email to confirm that you do own that email.
And once you've done that, you'll be able to send emails from that email address.
So that's a nice thing to do, just so that you'll be able to send emails via SendGrid from that email
address.
But don't worry, we're not actually going to be sending any cold emails out to the world.
It will only be emails going back to you again, this would just be experimental, but you can always
use it for more purposes in the future.
So that is SendGrid.
Please go ahead and get that set up.
And shockingly, I'm sure you expected this.
Once you've done that, you'll then edit your env file over there and you will add in a single row SendGrid
API key equals.
And of course you will paste in there the thing that you've copied from the API keys section.
You created a key there in SendGrid itself.
All right.
So go ahead and do that and then we will proceed.
Okay.
And so now we have some imports.
We're going to be doing some usual stuff.
We've got a few more from agents.
We're also importing this thing called function tool.
We're importing something to help us stream back text.
And we're importing some SendGrid stuff.
We're going to load our environment variables as usual.
And now let's do a simple workflow between agents without anything fancy.
Here we're just going to have some agents calling other agents, and we're going to orchestrate it manually
ourselves in Python code.
And it's going to be super simple.
So first of all three instructions.
And these instructions again think of it in the back of your mind.
These are basically system prompts.
But they are the way that we are framing different agents.
All three are about being sales agents working for a company that I'm calling.
Comply.
Comply.
I.
I.
The wonderful naming.
This is a soc2 compliance company that is looking at helping companies prepare for SOC two audits.
So something to do with compliance if you're not familiar with this stuff.
But, uh, yeah, it's a SaaS tool that will ensure SOC two compliance.
So it's saying you're a sales agent working for this company.
You write professional, serious cold emails.
It's like a cold sales email or email to to get people interested.
The second one is a humorous, engaging sales agent.
You write witty, engaging, cold emails that are likely to get a response.
And the third one is you're a busy sales agent and you write concise to the point cold emails.
So, as you know from good prompting, you use a system prompt instructions to set the context, to
give the tone to sort of set.
Set the mood and the character and give as much background information as you can in a succinct, instructive
way.
Okay, so now we create three agents sales agent one, two and three.
And this should be very simple.
It should make complete sense to you.
Each agent gets given a different name.
They have the three instructions the three system prompts.
And we're going to be using GPT four mini throughout.
Keep it cheap.
We've just created those three agents all right.
And now we're just going to start with the first one.
And I just wanted to show you a different way.
You remember we had runner run before.
Well now I'm calling runner run streamed which is a way that you can do it.
That will allow us to stream back results.
You may be familiar with streaming from from simpler OpenAI examples, but this is how you can do it
with the agents SDK.
So you may spot that there's no ace a wait word there which which may set off alarm bells, because
that means that what we're getting here is not a response.
We're getting a co-routine and you can see what happens next.
We use a special construct async for a special way of of then calling this, calling this in a way that
will return a coroutine, and we will then iterate through those answers.
And this is just a little bit of boilerplate code to make sure that what's coming back is some text
that we can print.
And if we get that, then we print it.
And this just stops it printing on a separate line every time.
So if I run this, it's just very similar to what we did last time.
But you'll see that what comes back streams back bit by bit.
And it's a very nice use of the streaming APIs and I show it to you.
So you have an example of how to how to do this.
And of course, just as you would expect, we see a great behavior from our agent.
This is the professional one, I think, and we can see that it's come back with something nice and
professional, nice and slick.
To simplify your soc2 compliance efforts.
And it's no surprise to to everyone that's worked with Llms for a bit that they are really good at this
kind of thing.
They can write great professional, realistic, reasonable sales outreach emails.
So far, so good.