Pressing on.
So what we're now going to do is call this.
It looks like I'm going to need to import async IO there.
Hang on.
Let's do that.
Missed an import at the start.
Actually let's do this properly.
I'm going to take this out just so that it's nice and clean for you.
I'm going to put that async import right up at the top there and rerun that cell.
I like to do my imports at the top.
I know people have different views on this stuff.
Okay, so we are now going to say we want to write a cold sales email.
That's going to be our instruction.
And what we're going to do now is we're going to call this async IO.
Do you remember this?
I showed this to you back when we had the async briefing, that this is where you start to see the power
of async IO.
We're going to be running three different runs at the same time.
And of course again it's not multithreading.
It's not like the CPU is actually time slicing between them in some ways.
But but rather it's going to be using an event loop, which will run each one, and whenever it's pausing
waiting on I o it will let another one run.
And because most of what these things are doing is pausing on I o that will allow all three of them
to sort of alternate and be talking to to an LLM to open AI in parallel, and then we will collect back
the results.
What comes back from this await gather is a collection of results.
And we will call final output on each one and print it.
So we will let that run.
And you can see that I've wrapped all of this in a trace, which means that we should see all of this
in one trace.
We will do in a little bit, but no surprise.
Hopefully what you'll see down here is I have to click here to get a scrollable element, and you'll
see that we can scroll through and read a bunch of emails.
And the third one, of course, is very concise because we asked our third email writer to be concise.
Okay, so so far all we've really done is multiple calls to LMS.
And now the final piece of the puzzle.
This is just a simple workflow of calling LMS.
See if you can remember which one of the patterns this is, but it's a sort of variety of one of them.
And we are going to create a new agent called sales picker.
And sales picker picks the best cold sales email from the given options.
Imagine you're a customer.
Pick the one you're most likely to respond to.
Don't give an explanation.
Reply with the email you select only.
It's a classic kind of prompting.
You know that you often end with the constraint.
With any limitation is a good way to end a system prompt.
All right.
So that's the message the user prompt writer called sales email.
We again we have this same construct.
We're going to run three agents in parallel to craft three messages.
We're going to gather the outputs and then we just simply call another agent.
So this is just Python code step by step.
Call three agents in parallel.
Take the output.
Call another agent.
It's just a Python script that runs these things in order, and it will then print the best email at
the end of it.
And because we've got the whole thing under one trace, we hope to see all of this in a single trace.
So this is probably going to take I think like 30s in total.
So I'll have to keep the sentence running if we want to see this live.
And at the end of it we'll be able to go into the trace is run.
So here is a single email that's been returned.
And it is apparently the best one.
But let's now go and have a look at the trace to see if we believe it.
Okay.
So this was our email.
Now this is a link to go to see the traces in OpenAI.
Here it comes.
So at the top trace is selection from salespeople.
Let's go and have a look into this trace.
What you'll see is that, sure enough, it called the professional sales agent, and you can read the
actual prompts that went in it called the engaging sales agent.
It called the Busy sales agent, and then it called the sales picker.
And you can go through this in the trace and see what's going on.
So it's worth pointing out that we've really not done anything very magical so far.
It's nice.
It's elegant that we've had these wrappers, these agent constructs around things, but they're very
lightweight wrappers.
We've essentially simply called a total of four LMS.
We've called the three sales LMS, and then we've called the one at the end to pick the email it preferred.
And it's sort of elegant that you can go into the traces and see what's going on.
But now it's time to get a bit more agentic and start talking about tools.
So as we get into tools, let me remind you, have a think back to what we did in week one, when we
had to build some boilerplate JSON to describe a function that we wanted to use as like a tool.
It's quite chunky JSON that described the parameters and various other things about it.
And then we had to write a function called handle tool calls, which is the one that had the the hokey
if statement that I then tried to write into something a bit more fancy, but which was still a fair
amount of sort of gunk, to use a technical word.
And what we're now going to see is how that whole stuff can be, can be super simplified without taking
any flexibility away from us.
So first of all, we're just going to recap.
We've got these three sales agents the professional, the engaging and the busy ones.
And there they are.
And let me just look at one of these sales agents.
So if I look into it you can see that it's got a name.
It's got the instructions.
And you can see that it has things like tool choice tools, and it has like a list of tools that it
has access to, which right now is empty.
So just to give you a sense of what's going on under the covers, it's perfectly simple.
But these are the constructs we're working with.
So what we're now going to do is have a tool.
So this is a function send email.
It takes an email body which is a string.
And it has a like a doc string.
Send out an email with the given body to all sales prospects.
Now what I've got in here is the from email.
And this email needs to be what's called the verified sender, the email address that you've set up
in SendGrid that you're allowed to send from.
Otherwise it won't actually send.
So you'll need to update this and then two email.
You should put that to be an email where you don't mind it receiving an email.
I would prefer that you change it from my Gmail here.
Otherwise I will get flooded with emails from people doing this.
So maybe I'll change it before I commit this to GitHub.
But yes, send that to another of your email addresses.
Or you could probably just send it to yourself.
I'm not sure, but send it to somewhere where you don't mind receiving cold sales emails, there'll
only be 1 or 2.
We're not going to send a mass of them.
And then this is Sendgrid's API.
It's perfectly simple.
It's SendGrid.
And you give it a body so you can look through this.
But it's honestly it's just a boilerplate to send an email to a recipient and we respond with success.
So this is very much like the tools that we wrote last time.
It's like a function to do it.
And if you remember, the next step was to write a ton of JSON to describe this.
But all we need to do with OpenAI is put one of these decorators above it at function tool.
If you're not sure how decorators work, again, that's in the guides, or just ask ChatGPT to explain
it.
But that allows OpenAI to write some code to sort of do something with this function.
And but all we need to care about is we simply put that decorator above the function that we want to
treat as a tool.
And so we will just simply define that function doesn't look like we've done anything, but let's look
at this thing called send email.
Now we think it's a function, right?
But no, it's not a function because we have this decorator.
It's been converted into something called a function tool.
It has a name send email.
It has a description.
And that description is taken from the docstring comment we had right here.
Look at that.
It's just turned that into a tool description.
And then and this is the great stuff params JSON schema.
This stuff is all of the boilerplate JSON that we had to write last time.
It's just done it for us because it's read this and it's figured out what's needed.
And and that's basically it.
So just by simply adding that decorator function tool, all of the work of faffing around with these
JSON objects has been taken away from us, which is great.
That's what a good framework should do.
Take out the boilerplate but leave us in full control.