Okay, now there's something a bit confusing now, which I'll have to get your head around, which is
that you can, as we've just done, turn a function into a tool.
There's something else you can turn into a tool as well.
You can turn a whole agent into a tool.
You can say, we've got this sales agent, something that can write a sales email.
Well, that whole thing, that whole process of calling that LM with that prompt, that can just be
considered itself to be a tool.
We can think of it as a sales agent tool.
And doing that might sound like there's a fair amount of work to be done to package an LM call into
a tool.
But no, all you have to do is call as tool on the agent, and you will convert the agent into a tool.
What does it mean to convert an agent into a tool?
All it means is it's going to create a new tool.
It's going to have all of the JSON gunk that describes what that tool can do.
And if that tool is called it's going to actually call the agent and make the agent make the call to
the LM.
So it's a wrapper.
A wrapper around the agent that turns the agent into a tool.
That's all it is.
So let's look at this sales agent one as tool.
We're going to give it a tool name sales agent one still and write a cold sales email is our description
of what that tool can do.
And now if we look at tool one you can see it's a function tool just like this one.
Just like send email.
It's got a different name.
Its description is this description here.
Now it's got the same parameters, the JSON blob that we would expect.
And it's got a special function to tell it what to do when the tool is actually called.
And that of course is actually going to call our agent.
So hopefully that makes sense.
We're now going to package our agents into tools and use them.
All right here we go.
So this I could have done this with a fancy loop, but I thought, you know what?
I'll just spell it out so that you're crystal clear on what's happening here.
We're going to have three tools.
Tool one, tool two, and tool three.
And it is just taking the three agents.
Sales agent one, two and three.
And calling as tool on each of them.
And for each one we just give it a tool name and a tool description which is the same tool description.
That is it.
Now if you if you feel up to it, just rewrite that as a nice little loop so that we don't have a silliness
with repetition like this.
But but I wanted to spell it out.
And now I'm giving myself a list called tools and tools has tool one, tool two, tool three.
And these are like the agents wrapped as tools.
They're tools that would simply call the agents and then send email is the real tool that is just a
function.
Send email that calls SendGrid the email program.
And let's have a look at what we get if we run this.
So now this is our list of tools.
And it is indeed four function tools sales agent one, sales agent two, salesperson three and send
email all in a list of tools.
Okay, now it's time to put all of that into a sales manager.
Our planning agent.
So now it's a bit like we did before, except we're giving an agent the ability to choose what to run
when.
It's not like we're just writing Python code to say, do this, this, this, and then send email.
But rather, we're letting the agent decide.
You are a sales manager working for comply.
You use the tools given to you to generate cold sales emails.
You never generate sales emails yourself.
You always use the tools.
You try all three tools once before choosing the best.
You pick the single best email and use the Send Email tool to send the best email and only the best
email to the user.
Now, I'm probably over spelling it out here.
You can experiment.
It's not always required to be so pedantic, but I'm also doing it to show you what's going on.
And it's never a bad thing to be very precise and instructive with your prompts.
Okay, so with that, we want to create a new sales manager agent.
There it is.
We want to give it these instructions.
It's system prompt.
We want to pass in all four tools, all these tools right here.
And we give it a model.
And then we say send a cold sales email addressed to dear CEO.
And we start this going and off it runs.
And this will take about 30s.
So I will see you in a sec.
Well actually it didn't take 30s.
It took 18 seconds.
So it's quite quick and it finished and we can first let's look look in my email I did in fact just
receive an email and here it is.
And very good.
It does indeed do things quite nicely.
You'll see it's put like like a template CEO's name not dear CEO you can improve the prompting to stop
it doing that if you wish, but there's an exercise at the end to incorporate mail merge.
So it actually would put in real people's names here.
But but very nice.
We got the email, it came through to me and it came from the verified email sender as expected.
The other thing to do, of course, is to go and have a look at the trace.
Let's go and do that now.
So here it is.
Sales manager is what we called it for.
Tools were used.
It took 18 seconds.
Let's go in and have a look.
So it called Sales Agent one.
It called sales agent two.
Sales agent three.
And then it called Send Email.
That's the the the tool that is just a tool.
If you look at each of these sales agents tools representing by this this sort of green thing, you'll
see that underneath that was an agent.
So this hopefully makes it crystal clear for you that we had an agent, the professional sales agent
that was wrapped in the tool, sales agent one.
And you can see that again for this one and for this one.
But in the case of send email, it was simply a function that was called with a body.
But you can look through the trace and you should look through the trace and understand the interactions
between tools and agents to allow the sales manager to carry out its full activity, allowing itself
to make its decisions about what it does, in what order.