Okay, now to recap.
What have we done?
We first just used agents to write Python code so that agents could run.
We sort of sneakily used the async gather so that we could run multiple in parallel.
And then we used another agent afterwards to pick the best email.
That was simple.
We then use tools to wrap a function so that we could have an agent that calls a function.
And we also used the as tool construct so that we could wrap other agents to be a tool.
And we provided all of those tools to our sales manager agent.
And we let it call three different email producers and then finally send the email at the end.
So that's that's hopefully connecting for you, making a lot of sense.
There is one more construct that is in some ways really similar.
So it's a bit confusing, but there is a distinction and it's called a handoff.
A hand-off is something that you can give an agent.
An agent has a number of tools, and a number of handoffs, and handoffs are other agents that it can
delegate to.
So in many ways, that sounds really similar to taking an agent and wrapping it as a tool.
An agent as tool is very similar to a handoff.
There's a kind of conceptual difference and and a very practical difference.
The conceptual difference is that you can you can sort of think of it like there's an agent which either
has just the ability to use tools as part of doing its job, or handoff is when it's delegating.
It's sort of giving giving responsibility and ownership of a specialist task to another agent.
So sort of philosophically, it's a bit of a different mindset.
It's not just just using this as a little feature, a little tool to help with its job.
It's it's passing an entire job to another agent.
But there's a more sort of fundamental, simple technical difference between them, which is that when
you're using tools, you can think of that more as a request response.
You're calling the tool and control passes back to you, and you continue as the main agent executing
in the case of handoffs.
You've done your piece, and you are now passing control to the other agent, and the flow does not
come back to you again.
It's just a passing of control, delegation of control to a different agent.
So that's the difference between agents as tools and handoffs.
And it's uh, you can you can use either in different situations, but but they are slightly different
constructs.
So I explain that a little bit here.
And now we're going to make a new agent that eventually is going to be a handoff.
So here's the deal.
We are going to start by saying that, uh, you are I want a subject writer agent, something that is
able to write, construct a subject for a given email body because I don't know if you noticed, but
we didn't have subjects on those emails.
So we're saying you can write subject for email.
When you're given a message.
You need to write a subject for an email that's likely to get a response.
So that's one instructions.
Another instructions is going to be that you can convert a text email to an HTML email, a formatted
email, which is how most emails get sent these days, particularly the fancy sales emails.
So you will be given a text email.
Body might have some markdown because llms often put markdown in these things, and you need to convert
it to an HTML email with simple, clear, compelling layout and design.
So we're then going to make an agent for the subject writer with those instructions.
And we're going to use the as tool approach.
This time we're going to make this a tool because it sounds like a tool right.
It's just a tool to write a subject.
So we're going to have a tool.
and that tool is going to be wrapped around this agent.
Similarly for the HTML converter, we're going to say, okay, so you're something which is able to
write HTML emails.
We're going to make you a tool.
We're going to turn you into a tool, an HTML tool that's able to do that.
All right.
Let's oops what have I done.
I'm in cursor land.
Undo that.
All right.
Run that.
Great.
Okay.
And then we're going to have one more tool which is rather similar to to the prior send email.
But I've made this a send HTML email.
And it takes a subject and a body.
And it sends out an email with the given subject and body to all sales prospects.
Again, remember to change this to your verified email sender.
Make this some other email than mine please, and then send using SendGrid.
And you can see there's just a tiny change here that it sends it as an HTML email, not a text email.
Okay.
So then we now have three tools subject HTML tool, and a subject tool that creates a subject, an HTML
tool that converts a text email to HTML and the send tool.
So two of these are agents.
And one of them let's print them.
Let's have a look.
Tools.
Two of them.
They're all function tools.
Two of them are actual agents wrapped.
And one of them is just a function.
Okay, we're almost there.
Almost there.
So now now we're going to create a separate agent.
And this is going to be the agent that we're going to want to hand off to.
If you're wondering what I'm where this is all heading.
So this agent says you are an email formatter and sender.
You receive the body of an email.
You first use the subject writer tool, then the HTML converter tool.
And finally you send the email.
So we call this emailer agent.
It has a name, it has instructions.
It has tools.
It has something new in here.
Hand off description.
Convert an email to HTML and send it.
Now this.
This is how this agent will sort of announce itself to the world in case another agent wants to use
it.
If there's another agent that might want to to do something, this is how it knows whether or not the
emailer agent is an agent that might be useful.
So that's a sort of framing.
It's very similar to the to the tool description.
It's a description of what this agent does.
Okay.
So if you've been following me you will now be clear that we have three tools.
These are the three sales agents.
And we have a hand off.
We have this thing this this agent which we can hand over control to.
two.
And somewhat confusingly, this hand-off itself has three tools.
Subject writer, HTML converter, and a send HTML email.
Are you following this?
If not, come back, go through it.
Or of course, print.
It's always good to print.
We should print tools, and we should print handoffs and take a look at what we've got.
So this is the tools are just the sales email sales agent one, two and three.
And the handoffs is a single agent called the email manager.
And this agent we should see itself will have a bunch of tools.
It has a handoff description.
It doesn't have any handoffs itself.
But somewhere in here we should find that it has a few tools.
Here they are tools function tool names, subject writer and so on.
All right.
If any of that's not clear, come back, look through this, print it, get a sense of it and then we
will actually run this.