Well, I'm back, although it took slightly longer than I expected, so the run that I had just kicked
off actually ended up taking several minutes, and it appeared to lose its way.
Going back again and again to get more and more emails generated.
So I actually cancelled it and ran it a second time and it ran fine.
But it is interesting.
It's a it's a cautionary tale to reflect on the fact that by their very nature, these autonomous agents
are made.
This statement here, and this was the answer to the, the challenge from from last time that I say
you can use the tools multiple times if you're not satisfied with the results.
And that's really giving this kind of autonomy and potentially an infinite loop to the agent.
And sure enough, we I don't know if it was infinite, but we certainly had some kind of a loop going
on.
But I ran it a second time and it was fine.
If I bring up the trace, here come the traces.
This this is the one that was going wrong.
You can see it had run 14 tools and it was taking more than 300 seconds.
If I bring it up, you'll see that it was going through sales agents one, two and three and then back
to one, two and three again.
And I can load more and on.
So it kept going.
Now you'll see, of course, that agent one is deep seek.
Agent two is Gemini.
Agent three is llama 3.3.
One other thing that I didn't point out last time that I would like to mention is that you can see that
these are running in parallel.
They are running, of course asynchronously because again, because they're very I o bound, they are
doing they're waiting for information to come back from the API call that allows async IO to be running
multiple in parallel.
But of course the three run and then it needs to sort of wait for.
Then the sales manager will review those three runs and decide whether it wants to run them again,
which apparently it did lots of times.
And llama 3.3 for some reason took a really long time on one of them.
So you can see there is inherent instability with these autonomous agent frameworks.
And that's something that you need to code explicitly for.
Four.
Okay, but now let's just go back and look at the trace that did better.
So this is the trace that just ran.
And it took a rather more pleasing amount of time.
And you can see that this time it only ran each agent once.
Deep seek Gemini and Llama 3.3.
Each one ran.
Each one came back with a response.
That response was of course went to our handoff, went to the email manager that wrote the subject,
wrote the email, and then an email arrived right here in my inbox.
So all has worked well in the end.
So I went through that code very fast because it's something that we saw before yesterday, so hopefully
it was somewhat familiar.
The new angle was that we were calling multiple models, and it was very easy because they are all models
which have OpenAI compatible endpoints.
Now, you may have noticed that there is one model that was missing there in the form of Anthropic's
Claude and anthropic does not offer an OpenAI compatible endpoint.
And so I understand that there isn't, as of today, an easy way to use Anthropic's Claude in lieu of
those other models that have an OpenAI compatible endpoint.
But there are plenty of workarounds.
So there is, for example, a third party provider called Open Router that people are probably a lot
of people use that, and it allows you to to set up your keys for other models, including Anthropic's
Claude.
And it has an open AI compatible endpoint.
So you can go through open router to use Claude.
Also, anthropic has the incredible MCP protocol, which we'll be talking about in the last week.
And that gives us another route to be using anthropic through MCP.
So more will come on that later.
In the meantime, the easiest way to do this is to use models other than anthropic for this purpose.
And perhaps quite soon Anthropic's Claude will be available through the OpenAI SDK direct.
Anyway, the next thing we're going to do is talk about both structured outputs and guardrails.
We're going to do them together Other, and guardrails are ways that you can put a constraint around
your agent platform.
It's a test that you will do.
And the cool thing about guardrails, I mean, you might think if guardrails were simply like a check
of, of like, um, checking that something has given the right kind of results, you could just write
that in Python code.
You can just obviously look test whether the results have a certain property in them or not, and throw
an exception if they don't.
The special thing about guardrails here is that guardrails can themselves be agents, which means that
you can use an LLM to be checking that things look good at any point in your flow.
Well, actually, that's not quite true.
When I say at any point, guardrails actually can only be applied either to the input at the very beginning,
the input of the first agent or the output of the last agent.
You can't insert guardrails all over the place.
You just have them at the very beginning or the very end.
And they're designed to protect your model against getting an input, which is inappropriate or not.
Not what it's intended for.
And also to protect it against producing an output which should not be shown to the user.
So it's those two extremes.
That's where you can implement guardrails.
And we're going to implement an input guardrail right now.
But as you'll see it's it's basically exactly the same thing either way.
And I'll leave a challenge for you to add an output one afterwards.
So the first thing I do because we're going to be working with structured outputs is I define an a class
called name check output.
We're going to be saying we're going to be checking for names for people's names because we don't want
people's names in our emails.
We decided so we're going to have a name check output.
And this is one of these pedantic objects.
If you remember, this is where you have objects classes which are designed to reflect a particular
schema of data.
So what we want is that we want the name check output to be something which has two fields is name in
message, which is a boolean where true should mean that there is a name in this message and name.
A string would be the name if there is a name in the message.
Okay, so this is all we're doing here is we're sort of defining we're defining a schema.
We're saying this is a particular structure of class that we want to to think of.
And now we're going to define an agent.
And I'm naming it guardrail agent.
You can name it whatever you want.
We are going to use this in a guardrail.
But this is just as of now just another agent we're creating.
It's name is going to be name check.
The instructions are check if the user is including someone's personal name in what they want you to
do.
The output type this.
This is the structured outputs piece.
We are telling this agent we don't want you to output text, which is what you normally do by default.
All of these are outputting just strings of data, but rather we want you to output a name check output.
We want you to output an object that conforms to this schema.
And you can use this for any of your agents.
So we could go back and use this as a way to structure our emails better.
So we could use this so that rather than emails being just strings, they could actually already have
a subject, a recipient, a body.
We could do it that way from the get go.
And that would be much nicer.
And that is in the challenges at the end.
But for here we specify the output type is name check output.
And as before we specify a model GPT four mini.
And that brings us simply to the guardrail.
So a guardrail is it's like an asynchronous.
It's a coroutine.
It's going to say a function.
But it is of course strictly speaking a coroutine.
And you simply decorate it with input guardrail to say, I'm going to be using this as an input guardrail.
It's a bit like decorating something to be a tool.
And there's a completely analogous one called output guardrail, which is what you would use if it was
to be used as a guardrail for the output.
You can call it whatever you want and it takes the context is a bunch of data that you can pass between
agents that we we haven't made use of the agent itself.
And this is the input, the input that's coming in.
I've called it message.
And so what we can do right here is we can as part of implementing this guardrail, we can actually
kick off this guardrail agent.
We can run this guardrail agent.
And it will it will be giving it these instructions.
It will be passing in the message and it will be expecting a name check output to come out of that.
So this is basically going to do just what it says on the tin.
It's going to check if someone's personal name is being included in the message.
And then you have to return that the rule about writing these guardrails is you have to return something
called a guardrail function output.
That's that's always a thing you return, which is informing the system whether or not there is a problem.
And it has two, two things.
Output info is just a dictionary of stuff that might be useful for tracing and trip wire triggered is
a boolean.
It's true.
If there's a problem you pass in true here.
If something has happened which should trip the trip wire and alert the guardrail has not been met.
And there is a problem.
So what we're doing here is we're saying if this agent that we just ran, this agent produced an object
of type name check output, if that has is name and message set to true, which means that this agent
reckons that there's someone's personal name in the instructions, then that should trigger the trip
wire.
That should cause this guardrail to fail.
And there should be a problem.
That's that's the key.
That's how it works.
I hope that makes sense.
And you could use exactly this structure.
And then of course, for output guardrails, it's pretty much the same thing.
But instead of message you would put the output there.
Otherwise exactly the same.
All right let's give this a try.