Okay.
The moment of truth.
It's time to actually run a careful sales manager, a new sales manager.
And this is an agent.
It's named the same as before.
Sales manager.
The instructions.
Same as before.
Sales manager's instructions.
Same tools and same handoffs as before.
And the same model.
The difference is right here.
The difference is that we are passing in an input guardrail.
Input guardrails is guardrail against name.
And of course you can also have output guardrails that will affect the final output.
And what we're doing is we're going to make this message send a cold sales email address to dear CEO
from Alice and then kick this off.
And no surprise, what we're doing here is we're passing in someone's name.
And so we are expecting that the trip wire is going to get triggered, because our guardrail is going
to notice that there's someone's name in here.
Now, you might be forgiven for thinking, okay, well, what exactly is the point in this?
I can see with my own eyes that we're passing in someone's name here, and you could just call an LLM
at this point or something, you know?
What are you doing exactly?
The point is that, look, we've hard coded here the message that we're sending in to generate these
sales emails.
But the idea is that you'll be building this into a product.
You'd have a product which would have a prompt, and your users, this kind of input wouldn't just be
hard coded in a, in a notebook.
It would be typed in by your users, your sales team, a prompt to to kick off their sales automation.
And so the purpose of this kind of tripwire is to make sure that no one types in your CEO's actual name,
or perhaps there'll be other PII personal identifiable information like phone numbers, that you'd want
to make sure did not get put in your cold sales emails.
That's the intention here.
So whilst this is a little bit artificial that we've got it right here, the point is that this protection
would be would apply to any input prompts that are coming in to your Agentic framework.
That's the purpose of the guardrail.
So with that explained we will now kick this off.
We're going to run the careful sales manager and off it goes.
And bam there's been an exception, you might think bug in my code, but no.
The exception is what happens when a guardrail is triggered.
And what you'll see here is guardrail input.
Guardrail triggered tripwire.
So something went wrong.
And to look in more detail on what went wrong I mean, something went right because something went wrong.
We go in here, we open up the protected SDR and we should see guardrail against name, name check.
And we should see that that this guardrail got triggered.
The output is name and message is true.
Name is Alice.
So indeed the guardrail here was triggered and that's why the process was stopped with an exception.
So that is successful triggering of a tripwire and hopefully makes some sense.
And of course, to make sure you're convinced this is working, I need to show you an example with tripwire
not being triggered.
So we can just call exactly the same careful sales manager, but this time the message is going to be
send out a cold sales email address to the CEO from the Head of Business development.
No more mention of Alice.
And if I kick this off?
Off it goes.
It's running.
You can see right away that there isn't an angry guardrail that's being trip wired.
And so that is running successfully.
And in fact, I just kicked this off a moment ago as well.
And so I already have my prior email.
And here it is.
It did indeed come back with a perfectly decent email, and you'll be pleased to see that it's signed
off.
The head of Business Development.
I'm interested to see it also has a copyright 2023, which is a slight sign of the results of knowledge
cut offs there.
You could always try and add that as a tripwire, as a guardrail if you wished.
So that is showing you guardrails working and now some exercises for you to take this to the next level.
Try some different models.
We've tried Gemini and Deep Seek and Grok llama 3.3 through grok.
This has just finished successfully, and you can try more of those two and see the different, different
kinds of models that you can use there.
The variety add some more input guardrails and output guardrails.
And then finally we had our first exploration of of structured outputs there with the agents SDK.
Try adding some more.
When we generate emails we could actually be populating a one of these pydantic objects a schema instead
of just returning text of the email.
So try adding that to that is obviously a more robust, more bulletproof way of doing it.
And then experiment with this and get to a point when you're happy with your SDR.
You could also put a user interface around it if you wanted.
And that is an interesting business development tool.
All right.
That concludes our session on tools agents, guardrails structured outputs and the like.
Next time we're moving on to our next big project, which I'm so excited about building our own deep
research.
See you next time.