Well, I'm extremely excited about today.
This is of course, day four of week two, and we're getting on to our first large, juicy project in
the form of deep research.
This is one of the classic use cases of Agentic AI, the case where you have an agent that is able to
go off, search the internet and do some research, look at different links and try and research a topic
that you give it.
And we know this so well because many of the Frontier Labs offer this agent via their online chat tools.
And for example, on OpenAI, you can go to GPT and you can press the deep research button.
And that runs a model in deep research mode, which is basically running an agentic workflow.
So we are going to do that.
We are going to give our agents the ability to do deep research, and we're going to use a few things
that we've already learned about.
We're going to use tools.
Of course we're going to use structured outputs again.
We encountered it briefly last time a little bit more this time.
And we're going to use something called hosted tools for the first time, using tools that are running
remotely.
All right, let's get straight to it.
Okay.
So here we are in Casl.
We're going to open up the directory for week two.
And we're now going to lab for deep research.
And we are going to start again in a notebook like this in one of the notebooks running within cursor.
And I know that a lot of you would prefer to be working with real Python modules.
And fear not.
We will get to that tomorrow.
We will do this in Python code and proper modules.
The lab, this kind of format, these notebooks, they're so good for talking through things for experimenting.
And it gives you the power to be changing things, playing around while we go through this.
So I think it's good just for today.
So this is of course a enormous classic agentic use case.
And what's great about it is it applies so broadly.
You can apply this to any business area.
You can build a deep research agent that's focused on your business area, or you can use this as something
which is like a sidekick for yourself.
We're going to build a different kind of sidekick later in this course.
But but this is one kind already and it should be useful for you immediately.
So I think it's terrific that we're doing this, and I hope you're as excited as me to be building your
own deep research agent, something which the Frontier Labs have done themselves.
Okay, so let's get started.
Enough of my prattling away.
We do some imports.
We do one of these usual load dot envs.
All right.
And now it's time for me to talk about the big the big change this week, which is that we are going
to use some things called hosted tools, which means that they are tools that OpenAI is going to run
for us.
There only are three of them that OpenAI provides, at least as of now, and we're going to use one
of them.
The three are the web search tool, the file search tool, and the computer tool.
The web search tool All lets us do what we're going to do today, which is ask OpenAI to run a search
on our behalf.
The file search tool is how we can run searches across the vector stores that you can run.
You can upload and have remotely with OpenAI and computer tool allows things like taking screenshots
and clicking around a computer.
Now we're not going to be using either of those two.
We're going to be doing the web search tool.
But fear not, later in the course we will have basically our own computer tool, but we won't be running
it at hosted.
We'll be running it on our own computers, as you will see.
In case that sounds intriguing, but for now we're going to be using the web search tool.
And I want to make an important point, which is that OpenAI's web search tool is not that cheap for
some reason, which seems not entirely clear to me.
It actually costs 2.5 cents right now for me to run this for, even at the low end of the cheapest model
at the lowest end, 2.5 cents per call, which may not sound like it's a huge amount, But typically
if we're running a deep research, we might be doing like ten different searches.
And that means it's $0.25 a pop, which means that you can quite quickly add up to 2 to $3, which is
what I spent the first time I did this.
I think the way I have it set up now would be more like $1.
Still, that's maybe not to be sniffed at.
So I would suggest monitor this and you can decide to skip doing the searches, or I'll show you where
you can turn it all the way down so that you're only spending a few cents.
And then later in future weeks, we're going to be doing this a bit differently.
And we'll have other ways to do this which will cost a fraction of this.
So.
So fear not.
But for now, it's nice for us to use OpenAI's.
And OpenAI's is actually really good.
So.
So maybe maybe it's worth a 2.5 cents.
I don't know.
The costs themselves are on this link here.
So.
So it's always worth double checking because it might be different for your region, or OpenAI might
change the pricing all the time.
So go there and you can look we are going to be using GPT four mini low search okay.
With that, let's get started with our first search.
Okay.
It's now time for us to create our first agent for this product.
And the first agent is called the search agent.
So here are the instructions.
The system prompt for this agent.
You're a research assistant.
Given a search term, you search the web for that term.
You produce a concise summary 2 to 3 paragraphs, capture the main points, write succinctly, and no
need to have good grammar because it will be consumed by someone else synthesizing a report.
It's a very clearly written set of instructions right here, and I would love to take credit for it.
But I must confess that I just took this verbatim from OpenAI's documentation for how to do web searches
with their tool, so we can probably take it on good authority that this is a well written prompt,
since it's written by the people that built the model.
So, um, we're going to use this prompt.
We're going to create a search agent.
It is an agent named search agent.
This is the the instructions.
And we're going to give it one tool.
And that tool is called a web search tool.
And this is one of OpenAI's three hosted tools.
So we're we're providing that as our tool.
There is an optional parameter.
You can specify the search context size which can be low, medium or high where that reflects the price
that you'll pay.
Low is of course the cheapest and then medium is.
The default is only a little bit more, but high I think is quite a lot more.
You can also pick the model.
It's a lot cheaper to pick GPT four or mini.
GPT four is a lot more.
And um, finally there's there's this here.
This is a nice little snippet of code to to to keep in mind.
This is how you say that this agent is required to run the tool.
It is mandatory.
It doesn't have discretion over this.
So this is this is the way you do it.
You pass in this model settings with tool choices required.
And that's a nice handy thing to have to one side.
And of course in this case we want to do that.
We want to it's basically this agent is wrapping this tool call.
And so when we're picking GPT for a mini and we're picking low, this is when as of now this costs two
and a half cents every time we run this agent.
So let's run this agent.
Let's ask for the latest AI agent frameworks in 2025.
We will run that search and we will display the results and see what happens.
It's running.
And there we go.
There are the results.
It's come in nice markdown.
Let's see it says lang chain lang graph crew semantic kernel autogen OpenAI gym.
That's uh, not exactly I guess that's a that's a reinforcement learning framework.
It doesn't know about itself.
It doesn't know about OpenAI agents SDK.
Amusingly, uh, Rasa is an older framework and Jade for Java people and, uh, yeah.
So, so, uh, an interesting set of results, I'd say mixed accuracy because I would.
I would argue that long chain and semantic kernel aren't really agent frameworks, but certainly Landgraf,
crew, and Autogen are very much there, and ones that we will be spending a week on each.
All right.
But this is a perfectly pleasant search result, and it is the beginning of our deep research agent,
and it's always worth taking a quick look at the trace in OpenAI.
So click on this little useful link here.
And up it comes.
And here it is.
The search agent is our current trace.
If I open it up we'll see.
Sure enough that the search agent was called.
And it tells us over here the tool it used was web search.
And we get a bit of information about the total number of tokens that it did.
That's the instructions, the system prompt.
That was the user prompt.
And this comes back is the output.
Just as we would expect the trace has worked nicely.
Now we can get on with the show.