Okay.
So now we're going to work on another agent.
And we're going to make heavier use of structured outputs than we did last time.
So the agent in particular that we're going to work on, we're going to call the planner agent.
This is the one that's going to be responsible for taking a query and coming up with a handful of searches
that it should run based on that query in order to do some deep research.
Now, I'm going to keep the number of searches small to three searches because as I say, it's two and
a half cents for each search.
And I don't want to add up to some big old bill.
When I first did this, I had that at ten.
So you certainly can have it at bigger numbers.
You obviously get better results if you do that, and it's very much a personal preference thing.
Run it with three to start with.
See you know your cost $0.10, $0.20.
And if you're enjoying yourself then you know splash out, spend half a dollar and get one really good
comprehensive result.
Okay.
So we're going to keep it on three.
So the instructions what is the system prompt we're going to use here?
You are a helpful research assistant.
Given a query, come up with a set of web searches to perform to best answer that query output.
And then the number three terms to query for.
So that hopefully is super simple.
We're just building an agent that is going to, given some sort of query, come up with a bunch of things
you would search the internet for in order to research that query, and we're calling that the planner.
So keep that in mind because then everything is going to click into place.
So now we use structured outputs.
Remember this.
This is where you have a class that is a subclass of this thing called base model from pedantic.
And that means that we're going to use it as like a schema.
We're going to use it to describe a structure, which we will later ask a model to return information
in.
And we in the case of a web search item, we're going to have a reason and a query.
And the reason is a string, and the query is a string, and the doc string that we have right here
underneath this is this is super important.
And by by adding this documentation, by annotating these fields with this comment right underneath
them, we ensure that that that information is actually provided.
That's as part of structured outputs.
That is part of the information that's provided to the model.
So it knows why it's populating these fields.
So this is another good trick.
We didn't do that yesterday.
So so now you've you've got this in your toolkit as well.
Now one other small point.
There's various reasons why you might ask for a reason as well as just the query.
But one of them is that this does actually result in sort of reasoning style behavior.
This is very similar to to what people call chain of thought prompting.
I guess it is chain of thought prompting, but by asking the model to output its rationale for why that
search is important, and actually by asking for that first before the query itself, you encourage
the model to be sort of apparently thinking through, and as a result, you tend to get better outputs.
You get better queries, just as a side effect of asking for a rationale first.
And I've said it before, but you always have to come back to remembering that while we try and treat
models like they're like there's a bit of humanity to them, this is just a strange side effect of great
next token prediction, because it's predicting the most likely next tokens.
That's all these models are doing.
If you ask it to start predicting tokens reflecting a reason, then when it starts to predict tokens
reflecting the query, it is more likely to be consistent with that reason, and it ends up with this
very coherent output that just makes more sense.
That has a higher likelihood of being what you're after.
So another those little sidebars, and I do have a bunch of YouTube videos that clarify that more,
but it's so important to keep that in your mind because it really helps figure out what works well with
these kinds of prompts.
All right.
So this is a pedantic object with a reason and a query.
And now we've got another one called Web Search plan.
So this was web search item a web search plan is a list of web search items in a field searches.
So this is an object which has one field searches.
And that is a list of these guys.
And you can see it says they're a list of web searches to perform to best answer the query, a list
of web searches to perform to best answer the query.
And that is what goes there.
And this annotation is associated with this field searches.
Okay, hopefully you are with me So then we now create our planner agent.
It is an agent that's named planner agent.
Its instructions are these ones right here.
The model is GPT four mini and the output type.
Remember this is where we specify structured outputs.
We tell the planner agent that it shouldn't output in text like these things normally do.
It shouldn't just create generate natural language in the form of text, but rather it should build
an object of type web search plan, which means it's an object with one field searches, which has a
list of items that looks like this.
And remember, as another sidebar, keep in the back of your mind when I say that we're going to tell
the model to create an object.
Maybe that all sounds a bit magical.
Like how does a model, how does a large language model, a transformer architecture, know to generate
objects?
Python objects.
Remember, any time you hear magical stuff like that, it usually means we're talking about JSON behind
the scenes.
And that's exactly what this is.
What happens is that this is turned into a bunch of JSON, and the model is prompted and it says your
response should conform to this JSON.
Here is how it needs to look.
And as a result, the model generates that JSON and it gets populated into an object of this type.
That's that's the end of it.
There's nothing magical about it.
All right.
We should now run this and see it working.
Here we go.
Let's do it.
We run this, and now we're going to say the same.
The same thing that before we just did an internet search on latest AI frameworks in 2025, what we're
now going to do is carry out.
We're not going to do any searching at all.
We're just going to use this planner agent to come up with three web searches that would be relevant,
and we would want it to respond with an object of type web search plan.
So let's see what we get if we run it and print the result.
So what we get back is an object which has a field searches Like that.
And that field is a list.
Good.
And it's a list of things called web search items.
Great.
And a web search item should have a reason and a query reason to find the most recent developments and
releases in AI agent frameworks for 2025.
And the query is just latest AI agent frameworks 2025.
Okay, fine.
That doesn't seem particularly profound, but it seems perfectly reasonable.
The next one to explore industry specific or academic research.
And the query is emerging AI agent frameworks.
And the next one is to be updated with major conferences, publications or announcements.
AI frameworks.
Conferences.
Announcements 2025.
Fair enough.
Seems like a perfectly plausible, reasonable way of doing it.
I'm not sure I would have done that last one, but.
But who's to say whether I would have done it better or GPT four or mini is going to do it better.
But that is the planner at work and you're seeing structured outputs used very well there.