Okay.
It did indeed finish.
It completed its three searches.
It ended with hooray, which is success.
And I received an email.
And here it is.
A nice HTML email, well formatted with a good introduction and overview, detailed analysis crew.
It's now putting at the top, which is in fact what we'll be doing next week.
Look forward to that.
And then there's generally some great information here.
I would say that there's a couple of misses, but it's generally done pretty well.
And then at the bottom are some references with links since it's an HTML email.
And if I click on that it does appear to work, which is nice.
And I will say, I do find it very satisfying that with this minimal scaffolding with something that
was really very simple indeed, there's not much code to this look.
That's all there is with just this.
We were able to build this whole deep research framework.
And whilst, you know, maybe those those results are reasonably simplistic, I hope you appreciate
how much potential there is with what we've just built, and can think of all the different ways that
we could expand on this.
And in fact, one very simple way we can expand on this is just to turn up that number, which you may
not want to do, because as I say, it will cost that few cents a piece, but there's no reason why
I can't do it for you so that we can get some to show you what it looks like to have that deeper kind
of research.
So I will do that right now.
We will change that to 20 and, uh, go through and make sure that we, um, hang on if I just set that
properly.
Yes, I have that has now recreated that planner agent.
So now we will come back down here and just make sure that we rerun everything and rerun this.
And now we will expect to do rather a lot more searches, 20 more searches.
And this may take a moment longer and then I will come back and show you what results we get.
And that is completed after 20 searches.
And I can show you the results, which actually it looks generally a bit similar.
It's got the same key frameworks, but it's got more information laid around it.
It has applications and benefits associated with each of the frameworks that I identified.
And then it has some commercial implications at the end and a conclusion.
And so it's certainly more substantive than the previous one.
It's a step up.
And obviously, should you wish, I would very much recommend that you experiment with this.
And we should also, of course, go in and look at our trace.
And if we come in to the research trace, we will see that all of these agents ran and they all ran
in parallel.
The planner agent took took took that time to start with.
Then there's load more.
There's all of this and more.
And then at the end was the writer agent and the email agent.
So you can see everything.
And it definitely gives you that sense of how Asyncio ran all of these different searches in parallel
at the same time.
And then, of course, the writer and email were sequential.
And that then is the conclusion of this part of the deep research agent.
The thing I'd like you to do is bear in mind, have a think about how you could make this more substantive.
What more could be done?
What would you like to do to beef this up?
And then we'll do a quick wrap up before we launch into tomorrow.
So I really hope you enjoyed that as much as I did, and that you appreciate how simple it was to build
that framework around a deep research agent in your deeply puzzling over how you can make it better.
But actually, what we're going to be spending tomorrow doing is putting this into an application and
having it be something that is like a takeaway deep research agent.
And I'm very excited for it.
And I will see you then.