Okay, so first of all, we bring up a new terminal, which we do by pressing the control button and
hitting the tick.
And when we do that, up it comes.
You can also get there by going to the view menu and choosing terminal.
So we need to CD into the two OpenAI directory.
And now we need to change again into the Deep Research directory because that's where our stuff is.
And you might be thinking we now type Python py.
But that would not be right because we're working with UV.
So you do UV and then run and deepresearch py because that will make sure that we're in our correct
virtual environment.
And that is what we do now.
And it's then going to pop up a screen like this.
This is our deep research screen.
This is our Gradio UI.
And make it a tiny bit bigger.
All right.
What topic would you like to research.
So how about this.
How about we say, uh, what are some of the most exciting commercial applications of autonomous agentic
AI in as of April 2025?
All right.
That seems like a good question.
Why not?
Let's give it a whirl.
Run!
So first of all, we get this popping up.
View the trace.
If we click there, it comes up and shows us it's just beginning.
We're still at the very beginning stages.
We'll hopefully in a moment see a bit more of what's going on.
Not not yet.
It's still in the early stages.
What we're seeing here is an update appearing for what's going on, and that is because we are yielding
these updates.
And every time that we yield those updates in our run, coroutine that gets surfaced through to to our
callback and through to Gradio.
And that's why it's appearing here because of those yields.
That's why we did it.
Otherwise we'd be sitting here wondering what's going on.
So it's already done the 20 searches, because they all happened in parallel, as you know, thanks
to the magic of Asyncio.
And now it is writing.
It's written the report, it's now sending the email.
And hopefully any moment now it will complete, which will be nice and we will get to see.
And here it is.
And we don't need to go to our email for a change, because it's all appearing here in the Gradio app
and it's appearing in beautiful markdown format.
It's got a nice introduction overview of autonomous Agentic AI cybersecurity, using it for threat detection,
reduced workloads, customer service, obviously healthcare, automotive and transport, financial services,
analyzing market trends and executing trades based on real time information.
Maybe we're going to be doing some of that ourselves.
Logistics and supply chain okay.
And ethical.
Regulatory.
So so now it's talking about about some of the sort of side effects or consequences and some conclusions
and follow up questions.
So there you have it.
The result of our deep research right here for us to see.
Let's look at the traces and see how this is going now.
This is the research trace.
And sure enough there of course are our agents.
And at the end is our writer agent and our email agent.
It successfully ran.
And this is now a tool that you can use and that you can refer to and have as a deep research tool.
And there's still one more thing to talk about, which is how we can now extend this and make it more
powerful.