While it was great to have seen our essential use case in action and with its own user interface.
So what's next?
Well, next it's over to you.
The thing we want to do is make life harder for our deep research agent.
We want to put it to work.
So we want to really take this to the next level.
It's still reasonably surface level in terms of the substantive ness of these, this deep research reporting.
And it's something that is giving you an easy starting point to turn this into something which is a
fully baked product.
And here are some of the things that I am asking you to do and give this a shot.
Do do do your best.
So first of all, we can learn a lesson from the way that OpenAI does it themselves.
One of the tricks that you'll see that it does is that when you first ask for a deep research challenge,
the first thing that happens is it comes back and asks for some questions.
And so it would be great for us to build that.
You can imagine.
That's very simple.
Agent step.
The first step is to ask, ask.
Come up with three clarifying questions associated with this query, and then make sure that you incorporate
those clarifying questions in what searches are done.
Take them into account.
But then the the hardest part of this is that you really want to turn that manager that we have from
just being a Python script and a series of function calls into being something that's truly Agentic
take some hints from what we did earlier in the week when we were taking agents as tools, and we were
doing handoffs and build some of that into the deep research so that it has some more autonomy to decide
whether it wants to do more searches or not.
You might want to put a cap on that, but you put some controls in there.
But but you want to try and give it some ability to go off and explore and also potentially to refine
the queries based on what it's learned so far.
You could be thinking about adding in the kind of Evaluator optimizer design patterns, so that there's
another agent that gets to check the work of the deep researcher as well.
So all of these patterns that you can add, but most importantly, the overall autonomous manager to
get to a point where more work happens, more analysis takes place so that you get a more comprehensive
and more compelling outcome.
Something which really can take several minutes and come back with something that is adding a lot of
value.
So that is the challenge for you.
I would love to see your results.
I'd love it if you could push your your projects to the community contributions folder and put your
work into its own folder so that people can run your deep research agent separately.
Perhaps you may need to do some fiddling around with gradio to be able to do things like surface those
questions, but it's great fun to work with and it will be an awesome project.
And it's also something that you can then showcase.
You could because it's a Gradio app.
You can of course type radio deploy to deploy it to hugging face, and that way you can have a spaces
where it's live.
You can share it on LinkedIn, and you can get others to try it out too, and be able to show people
about the expertise that you've acquired in building sophisticated agentic AI.
And with that, that wraps up week two, and I have had so much fun.
You can tell I absolutely adore OpenAI agents SDK, and I'm excited to come back to it again in week
six.
But as it happens next week, we're working with crew I and crew AI is my second favorite, so it may
not be quite quite as as dear in my heart as OpenAI agents SDK, but it's my second favorite.
It's also really cool.
It's very close to OpenAI agents SDK, and of course it has some different concepts, and there's some
ways in which it's definitely better, as you will see.
And I can't wait to show you.
So see you for week three.
Crew AI week coming right up.